Next year, NASA will be sending an inflatable spacecraft to the ISS! Why are we using inflatable spacecrafts instead of the traditional spacecrafts? Trace explains how using inflatable objects will... Depression is a very serious mental illness that affects millions worldwide. Could a small brain implant cure it? Join Laci as she discusses a some new projects that are aiming to cure various ment... If you've ever met someone who does CrossFit, I'm sure they love telling you about how they do CrossFit. Is CrossFit actually safe? Join Trace as he discusses how participating in extreme exercise ... A few soccer teams are banning their players from having sex while they are competing in the World Cup! Will this help the players perform better? Laci is joined by Steve Zaragoza from SourceFed to... Ever wonder what it's like to fly in a fighter jet? Trace recently had the awesome opportunity to go to the Boeing headquarters to try it for himself, and he got it all on video for a special episo... Online shopping has made purchasing goods and services incredibly easy, yet many people find that choosing items has become harder. Why is this? Tara reports on a new study showing how too many pho... A story has been making its way around Facebook about a young boy who claims to be murdered in a previous life! Even more creepy, he was able to identify the murderer and the location of the skelet... Opposites attract... right? Not according to new research! Join Tara as she discusses how most couples are genetically similar, and lists out a few theories as to why this is!Read More:Couples S... Although it seems gross, it's commonly believed that it's safe to drink your own urine because it's sterile. Is this actually true? Join Laci as she debunks this myth and tells you everything that'... Airplanes are filled with bacteria and microbes, and they can live on the plane for days! Where are the dirtiest places on the plane? Tara takes a look at some of the grosses places that bacteria c... Trichomoniasis is the most common STD in the world, and people have been finding links between the infection and prostate cancer! Tara and Laci are here to report on this finding, and also discuss ... A new study released this week shows that whales used to be able to taste a lot of flavors, but now can only taste salt! Why did this happen? Trace takes a look at why this change took place, and h... When it's that time of the month, many women turn to Ibuprofen for menstrual pain relief! Is there a safer, more natural way to relieve the pain? Tara explains how thyme oil might be much more effe... Hot dogs are a popular summertime food when you're out grilling with your friends and family. But what's really inside hot dogs? Trace is joined by Will Johnson to discuss the history of the frankf... The International Sun-Earth Explorer 3 was launched in 1978, but was retired in 1997 by NASA. Now, NASA approved a crowdfunded plan to rescue this sun-orbiting satellite before we lose it forever! ... A few weeks ago, the world's oldest sperm was discovered! While this is incredibly interesting, Laci thought it would be fun to take a look at the 5 craziest sperm in the world!Follow Alex on Twi... Is there a place where you can meet R2D2, 3D scan your face, and control a satellite with your phone? Last weekend, Trace visited Maker Faire to take a look at all of the cool tech projects that pe... Each month DNews will sit down with NASA to discuss amazing space topics! This month, we're talking asteroids and meteors. Likely questions will include: How are meteor showers formed? How do we de... As time goes on, we're learning more and more about dinosaurs. Last week, dinosaur fossils were discovered in South America, and it's believed that these dinosaurs died long after the great extinct... Short men often are teased and bullied for their height. However, new research suggests there might be an added benefit to being short! Join Laci as she discusses why a gene in short men is causing... Handshakes are extremely common in the workplace, and they can tell you a lot about a person. Trace reports on some new studies discussing how your handshake can reveal your true age and level of e... It's common belief that drinking red wine in moderation can have a number of different health benefits, and it will help you live longer. Is there any truth to this? Laci takes a look at some recen... We've known for awhile that when beer is poured, gases dissolve and make tiny bubbles that create a foam at the top of the drink! Now, scientists have found the secret as to why it is so thick and ... A shocking new study across 100 countries showed that 1 in 4 people are anti-Semitic! In addition, almost half the world doesn't know that the Holocaust happened! Join Tara as she reports on this s... There's been a recent trend taking the world by storm where people seek out a gluten-free diet. Is gluten sensitivity real? Tara breaks down what gluten is, and why that discomfort in your stomach ... The Antarctic ice sheet is melting, and some of the damage is irreversible! Over the next 200 years, the ocean is expected to rise 10 feet, putting many major cities worldwide underwater! Laci repo... Across all cultures, countries, and throughout history, humans are mesmerized by rhymes. Is there a reason why our brains are drawn to it? Trace explains how rhyming evolved over time, and how it v... It's official! If you're exercising too much, it could actually kill you! Join Tara as she reports on a new finding that found all the negative side effects of being too active.Be sure to tune in... Lightning occurs when there is a buildup of electricity in clouds, right? Wrong! Trace is here to report on a new study that found that lightning is actually caused by the sun!Be sure to tune in ... There's a jellyfish in Japan that is able to reverse it's aging process, and it might be able to live forever! Tara explains how this process works, and what we're hoping to gain from studying this... A new fungus called Panama Disease Tropical Race 4 is threatening to eliminate all the Cavendish bananas! Why is this a big deal, and are we able save this delicious fruit? Watch as Trace and Tara ... The company Consumer Physics recently launched a Kickstarter for their new product Scio. This high-tech device allows you to scan food, plants, and medicine to determine every chemical in it! Tara ... Narwhals are considered to be "the unicorns of the sea" because of their long tusk on their heads! Did you know these tusks are actually teeth? Laci is here to tell you everything you need to know ... Our brains can actually erase our memories, and there's not much knowledge as to why this happens! Trace breaks down how information is passed from the left brain to the right brain, and also sheds... It was recently reported that over 1 million visits to the ER from 2002 to 2011 were due to accidents that occurred on trampolines! Even though they're fun to play on, are they safe? Laci discuss a... Have you ever heard a joke that you didn't find funny, but you laugh anyways so the other person doesn't feel bad? Well, new research says you should stop it! Join Laci as she discusses how the maj... Did you know that it's possible to be allergic to the sun? In fact, there are some very odd things that it's possible for humans to be allergic to. Laci is here to list out the top 5 strangest thin... When artificial sweeteners were first released, scientists were finding links to various forms of life-threatening cancer! A lot has changed since then, but are they really safe? Laci takes a look ... Jet fuel is not only expensive, but the byproducts are currently harming the environment. Have we come close to finding an alternative? Tara reports on some astonishing news about how some research... Sexual habits vary throughout the world, and the times of the year that women give birth seem to shed some light on when babies are conceived. Is there a pattern to when women are more likely to ge... From average people, to world famous professional artists, we're all incredibly terrible at drawing faces! Why is this? Trace takes a look at the science of drawing faces, and why we draw humans th... Recently, a giant supercomputer was able to create a virtual version of our entire universe! What could we gain by having this simulated world? Trace breaks down what it took to build this, and wha... As the Internet is evolving, it's becoming easier and easier to download and stream movies and music illegally. How badly is this hurting the entertainment industry? Laci discusses a shocking new s... A few weeks ago, an execution in Oklahoma went horribly wrong, and the inmate Clayton Lockett was in intense pain for over 30 minutes before he passed away. Join Laci as she reports on a bipartisan... Equality in the work field is still a global issue, and steps are being taken to finally reach true gender equality. Trace takes a look at a few studies saying how women are equally effective in le... We've been looking for an alternative for petroleum-based plastics for years, and scientists might have found a solution! Dr. Carin Bondar joins DNews this week to talk about how we're now able to ... 3D printing has come a long way in the past few years. These printers are able to make houses, foods, and even body parts! Tara breaks down some of the recent mindblowing developments in 3D printin... Advancements in the field of artificial intelligence are exciting, and they could make the world a better place. However, not everyone agrees with that. Tara discusses a recent article published by... To solve the energy crisis currently facing the world, one Japanese space firm is aiming to launch a giant solar panel into space! While this would cost a lot of money, the solar panel would genera... On the list of reasons someone might cheat on their partner, having a big penis might not be one that comes to mind! However, a new study claims that the larger you are, the more likely your wife m... Homelessness is currently a growing problem in the United States. New research shows that many homeless men aren't lazy, but they have suffered serious brain injuries! Join Tara as she reports on t... Sand dunes in the United States are beautiful to look at, and extremely fun to play on. However, recently these sand dunes have started swallowing people! Trace takes a look at why this phenomenon ... Satellites are used for research by NASA, and used by television companies for our own entertainment. Eventually these satellites die, but what happens to them then? Trace is here to talk about a s... After sitting in school or at work all day, you might feel like you need a jolt of inspiration. Some people zone out, some people take a shower, but a new study shows that the best way to improve y... Hamsters, squirrels, platypuses, chipmunks, and some primates can store food in their cheeks! Besides being incredibly cute, what is the purpose of these cheek pouches? Trace is here to discuss how... It seems like every day, we discover more and more alien worlds orbiting distant stars. Is it possible for some of these planets to have life, and if so, how could we detect it? Dr. Ian O'Neill fro... The Amazing Spider-Man 2 opened last week, and it's another awesome example of how science is making their way into pop culture. Trace went to New York City for the opening of the movie last week, ... Solar power is making it's way into the markets as a form of alternative fuel. A few interesting solar-powered tech devices are going to be making their way in the markets soon, and Tara is here to... Every day, every single person is growing older and older. It might be depressing to think about, but eventually, we will all die. But how long could humans live for? Trace takes a look at how exam... Catching someone in a lie may not be easy, but there are a few ways to tell if someone is lying to you! Join Tara as she breaks down some of the verbal and nonverbal cues so you can become better a... An "alcohol expert" is claiming that drinking a bottle of wine day isn't bad for you. In fact, he says that it is actually good for you! Is this true? Tara and Trace took some time to discuss the p... Some people believe that children living in a home with only one parent are more likely to be unhappy. Tara is here to discuss new research showing that a child's happiness has nothing to do with t... Monogamy is difficult, even in the animal kingdom! Do any animals actually mate for life? Trace runs down a few animals that come close, and some that never cheat on their partner!Read More:Fact... You might have suspected that based on how many people touch dollar bills that the money in your purse or wallet might be dirty, but just how dirty is it? Tara takes a look at all of the disgusting... You might look at someone's face and determine whether you think this person is smart or not. Is it wrong to judge someone's intelligence based on their looks? Trace reports on a new study examinin... Last year, it was announced that obesity is considered a disease. By calling it a disease, is this causing people to consume more high-calorie foods? Tara takes a look at the possible harmful impac... Astronomers are fascinated by exoplanets and the possibility of life on these worlds. Should they also be focusing on the the possibility of life on exomoons? Ian O'Neill from Discovery News is her... Americans have been criticized for sitting on the couch too much. Could laziness be genetic? Join Laci as she discusses a new study saying that there might actually be a couch potato gene!Read Mo... A new product, called Palcohol, allows people to get drunk off powdered alcohol. How can you make alcohol into a powdered form, and is it safe to consume? Laci discusses the history of powdered alc... Portland, Oregon is dumping 38 million gallons of water after a teenager peed into an open reservoir. The public is outraged, and the city decided it's the right decision, but is the water actually... Credit card security breaches are becoming more and more common, and customers' personal information is being exposed. Could biometric payment methods replace credit cards altogether? Tara explains... A few days ago, a fireball lit up the skies over Murmansk in Russia. It seems like Russia sees more meteors than the rest of the world. Trace is joined by Ian O'Neill from Discovery News to discuss... Drugs like Adderall, Ritalin, and Vyvanse are used by students to treat ADHD. The drugs are intended to help these individuals concentrate, but are they being abused? Laci explains why these drugs ... To understand the the long-term effects of space on the human body, NASA is conducting an experiment involving twins! Join Tara as she explains what they hope to learn by sending one twin to space,... Alcoholism is commonly misunderstood, but is also a very serious issue all across the globe. What causes some people to become alcoholics and not others? Trace explains what it means to be an addic... It seems like if you go to the YouTube comments of any video, most people seem to be rude. Is there scientific proof that YouTube commenters are unusually mean? Tara examines a new study that compa... Here at DNews, we've been actively searching for a new host. Does Tara Long have what it takes to host a show about science? Find out!Watch More:What's With Allergies?https://www.youtube.com/wa... Easter is here, and the popular gift known as an "Easter Lily" is exchanged in homes everywhere! Did you know this plant could kill your pet? Trace lists out several common household plants that ca... Postpartum Depression is a type of depression that is experienced by new moms. It can last months, and even years! Can fathers experience this too? Laci discusses why young men might want to wait t... Last year, NASA announced that they had found water on Mars. This posed a question to scientists: Could we grow plants in the soil of Mars? Trace explains what is necessary to grow crops on Earth, ... Are you easily made angry whenever you're very hungry, and then as soon as you eat, you're fine? Why does this happen? Join Laci as she explains the science of being "Hangry."Read More:Low gluco... Here in San Francisco, residents are given a free bin to collect compost materials. This is in an effort to eliminate all waste in landfills. Tara explains how you can make your own compost bin rig... Evolution has done some crazy things in order to ensure the survival of certain species. In fact, some female insects have actually developed male genitals! Join Trace as he discusses why certain f... As Anthony Carboni leaves DNews, we thought it would be fun to put together a blooper reel from some of his recent episodes. We'll all miss him!Anthony's YouTube channel: http://youtube.com/acarb... If you've ever been nervous or stressed, you might have experienced a weird feeling in your stomach. Why do we feel so many emotions in our stomachs? Laci did some digging to figure out what connec... Millions of Americans suffer from depression, and some choose to end their lives. When are people more likely to commit suicide, and what can we do to prevent it? Tara discusses some disturbing tre... Finals week is approaching quickly, and some of you might be stressed out. While exams are stressful, there are ways to make this time more manageable. Join Laci as she provides 5 helpful tips to d... As time goes on, more and more research is being done on the effects of your sperm on your children. Join Tara as she discusses a recent study that found mental illness caused by traumatic events c... It seems like there are always terrible calls made in nearly every sport! Are the referees biased? Join Annie as she discusses how some of the refs might be subconsciously making the wrong call! ... Spring is finally here! The sun is shining, the birds are chirping, the flowers are blooming causing sneezing, sniffling, and hives. What causes us to have allergies? Tara investigates why we have ... Earlier this week, it was announced that an ancient text claiming that Jesus had a wife was not forged! Ross Everett joins DNews today to report on this new finding, and what discuss if it means an... If you're watching this video, you might be procrastinating! Why do we procrastinate, and should we feel guilty about putting off important tasks and assignments? Join Annie as she discusses how pr... The Internet is a great tool to connect with others, learn new things, and learn about things happening all over the world! Is it also killing religion? Laci sits down to discuss an interesting stu... Four young girls born with underdeveloped reproductive systems were given lab grown vaginas 8 years ago... and they work extremely well. Laci is joined by Ross Everett to discuss how recreating bod... Mainstream media constantly debates whether or not video games cause people to become more violent and aggressive. Joe Bereta from SourceFed steps in to discuss a new study that finds a surprising ... Overfishing is a growing problem in the world, and it could lead to the depletion of all the fish in the ocean! Would closing the ocean for a few years stop this trend? Trace discusses how one idea... On April 14, the first blood moon of the tetrad will occur. What is a blood moon, why does it happen, and how can you see it? Trace explains everything you need to know about this rare lunar event.... Bee stings can be painful and terribly inconvenient. Does it hurt more to get stung on certain parts of your body than other parts? Trace is joined by Joe Bereta from Sourcefed to talk about some o... A new experimental treatment uses electricity to help people suffering from paralysis stand up and even walk! Could this technique provide a cure for some victims? Tara explains how this therapy wo... Pessimists tend to have a very negative outlook on life. New research shows that this outlook isn't their fault! Anthony discusses how the brain of a pessimist is very different than the brain of a... Last week, a Norwegian man was skydiving, and a meteorite almost hit him! The cool thing about it is it was all caught on tape! Join Tara as she discusses how this rare occurrence will likely never... Scientists have made huge leaps in the medical field when it comes to extending the lives of individuals with down syndrome. Now, researchers might be even closer to finding a cure for this genetic... Physical attraction might not be the thing that gets you into a relationship. Flirting is extremely important, and Tara joins DNews today to discuss the science of flirting!Follow Tara on Twitter... As countries all over the world continue to search for the missing Malaysian flight 370, we're finding a ton of garbage in the ocean! How much trash is floating in the ocean? Anthony discusses how ... If you've ever had one too many drinks, or mixed alcohol and marijuana, you might've felt like the room was spinning out of control. It might even make you feel a bit sick. Join Annie as she discu... We've been told that our salt intake is dangerously high, especially here in America. While respectable organizations, like the Center for Disease Control, back this statement, is there any truth t... We know that some animals, like dogs and apes, can laugh. Can an animal also have a sense of humor? Join Anthony as he discusses how Koko the Gorilla and some other animals show promising signs.R... This week in the Republic of Ireland, BBC revealed an interesting animal hybrid. A sheep and a goat bred together to create a baby geep! Join Trace as he discusses this new animal, and lists out a ... Scientists are working hard to find the cause of certain brain and developmental disorders, such as autism, but are running into a serious problem: They don't have any brains! Anthony dove into the... Traveling far distances in space is difficult, but advances in jet propulsion and genetics are making it possible. Trace is joined by Dr. Kiki Sanford to discuss how by altering the genes in our ow... Certain injuries we are able to fix, and some we simply don't have the technology to fix. One of the more common unfixable injuries involve spinal cords, but Trace explains how science might be clo... Zebras have stripes because it's a form of camouflage, right? Wrong! Trace takes a look at a few different animals in the wild that have prominent features with a weird purpose. Read More:Zebra ... There are many reasons to become a vegan or a vegetarian. One of the popular reasons is because it's better for the environment... but is it really? Our resident vegetarian Anthony Carboni did some... A string of earthquakes have been occurring in Chile and Southern California. What causes earthquakes, is a bigger one coming, and can we predict them? Annie is here to give you a rundown of the cu... Pets like ferrets and hedgehogs have been banned in certain states in the U.S. for decades. Why are they still illegal to own, and why can't we own exotic pets like monkeys and lions? Trace explain... Brain development during your childhood is critically important. How will some of your experiences affect you in adulthood? Trace is joined by Dr. Kiki Sanford to break down a few of the ways that ... Some people in Japan have been whaling for years claiming they are doing it in the name of science. Recently, the UN ordered Japan to stop their annual whale hunt because it is not lawful. Trace ex... Incest has become quite the topic of conversation lately, as it has been popularized in the show Game of Thrones. Why is inbreeding bad scientifically? Join Laci as she discusses all the reasons wh... Recurring dreams can be weird and confusing. Why do we dream about some things more often, and how should we interpret them? Annie joins DNews today to talk about some common dreams, and some theor... Suicide is a serious issue all over the world, and the amount of victims seems to peak in the spring time. Why are suicide rates so much higher this time of year? Join Laci as she discusses this sh... To sign up for Dollar Shave Club and help support the show, head on over to http://www.dollarshaveclub.com/dnews Hair is weird, and it's all over our bodies! It's meant to help keep our bodies war... Download the TestTube app: http://www.dne.ws/1lMxL1jIt seems like everyone knows someone who is incredibly smart, but also smokes a lot of pot! Is there a link between someone's intelligence and ... The documentary "Miss Representation" investigates the idea of gender representation in the media. It was recommended by quite a few of you, so Laci decided to watch and review this film for you! G... It's been debated for years whether there is life on Mars. Recently NASA scientists found evidence of water on a meteorite from the red planet! Dr. Ian O'Neill from Discovery News steps in to repor... Flies are one of the grossest pests that we encounter on a daily basis. But, the flight patterns of flies are pretty insane. Anthony is joined by Trisha Hershberger from Sourcefed to discuss how in... After years of hard work, we finally made it to 1,000 videos! To celebrate, Sourcefed's Trisha Hershberger came on to quiz Anthony Carboni, Trace Dominguez, and Laci Green to see how much they real... Technology used to fight crime and catch criminals is getting pretty advanced. A new experimental technique can take the DNA from a single strand of hair and generate a mugshot! Anthony is here to ... Earwax can be a gross and uncomfortable nuisance that builds up in our ears. What's the point of it, and can it tell us anything about our ancestors? Join Trace as he breaks down everything you nee... Astrology focuses on star charts and zodiac signs to build a foundation to one's life. Astrology is also a bunch of asserted, unproven, untested mumbo jumbo. Laci breaks down how and why astrology ... Does it matter which avatar we play in violent video games? A new study suggests that when it comes to racial stereotypes in games like Saints Row 2, it really does. But that doesn't mean we should... Surfing is a fun water sport where you can ride on top of waves. How exactly does this sport work, and can understanding science make you a better surfer? Trace is joined by Debbie Berebichez from ... Have you ever heard the phrase, "What doesn't kill you makes you stronger?" Well for some people who suffered brain trauma, this cliche phrase actually held true! Annie joins DNews today to discuss... It's very easy to tell the difference from plants and animals...right? It was announced last week that sea anemones are actually half animal, and half plant! Trace explains how something can be bot... Robots seem to be becoming more and more popular, as they make our lives easier and more efficient. Robots surrounded by organic material have made their way into pop culture with movies like Roboc... A recent NASA-backed study predicted that civilization is on the verge of collapse! We hear doomsday theories like this all the time, so should we be taking this one seriously? Laci is joined by Dr... Everyone loves a good conspiracy theory! Even if you don't believe one, it can still be interesting to learn about. However, sometimes it can lead to some harmful misinformation. Join Trace as he t... Trust is a vital part of everyday life. If you can't trust anyone, than your life can be lonely. But, if you trust too many people, it's easy to be betrayed or let down. Laci hangs out to discuss t... The five second rule is the common belief that if you drop a piece of food on the floor, and you pick it up within 5 seconds, the food is still safe to eat. Is this accurate, or just a myth? Laci a... Click here to download the TestTube app: http://dne.ws/1lMxL1jEarlier this week, astronomers announced that they directly observed gravitational waves. These waves are evidence for quantum gravit... Humans have five basic senses: Sight, smell, taste, hearing, and touch. Which one of these is the strongest? Anthony reports on some new research that looks at why the sense of smell is so much mor... Over the past few years, we've seen devices, such as charging pads, pop up in stores. These pads can charge your phone without wires, simply by placing it on the pad. Would it be possible to power ... Many of us spend hours a day on the Internet, and whenever we have a question, it's easy to go to Google to quickly look up information. Is this changing the way our memory works? Anthony is here t... Light moves at incredibly fast speeds, and it allows us to see everything in the world. What is it made out of? Trace is joined by Debbie Berebichez to explain how light is both a particle and a wa... Many people who aren't able to sleep or suffer from insomnia turn to sleeping pills to help get some rest at night. But do these pills actually put you to sleep? Join Trace as he explains how sleep... We're all told that in order to live a healthy life, we should eat right and engage in physical activity. But is diet and exercise enough? Anthony explains why you should take 10,000 steps a day to... We all know that peeing in the pool can be disgusting. While chlorine is killing off the bacteria, there are still some other harmful byproducts. Laci is here to tell you that peeing in the pool ca... Human evolution happened slowly over the course of thousands and thousands of years. Are we still evolving today? Trace discusses a few recent findings showing how humans, even in the past 5,000 ye... It used to be widely believed that you should not live with your partner before you get married. Does living together awhile before marriage make you more likely to get a divorce? Anthony and Laci ... There's a weird phenomenon here on YouTube called ASMR. Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response creates a tingly and calming sensation, and no one knows why! Laci takes a look at a recent study to she... SXSW is an annual conference held in Austin, Texas. New tech products are often unveiled during this time. Mike North from Prototype This! interviewed the creators of an unmanned aerial drone that ... Sushi might've originated a simple food sold by Japanese street venders, but it is now enjoyed across the globe. This however comes at a cost. Anthony took time to watch the documentary "Sushi: The... If you've ever drunk too much, you might've experienced the phenomenon of "blacking out." Why does this happen? Trace is here to explain what occurs in the brain once you've consumed a large amount... NASA recently announced that they will be using satellites to help find the missing Malaysian Airline Flight 370. How can these satellites see objects clearly despite being incredibly far away? Tra... Pi Day is the annual celebration of the mathematical constant pi! It happens every year on March 14, since the numbers match the first three digits of pi. Is there anything better than pi? Tara joi... Frogs can vary in size, shape, and color. These fascinating creatures are also extremely important to the biosphere of our planet! From birthing offspring in their stomach to finding a frog smaller... Homework can be a pain during your teenage years. Some teachers give too much, and others give too little. Laci and Trace did some research of their own to find out if doing homework actually helps... War is a very dark and awful time in this world. Sometimes though, it helps to sit back and laugh at some of the dumb weapons that were actually invented and used in warfare. Trace and Anthony brea... Listening to music is a great way to relax and unwind, or stay focused at work and school. In fact, certain animals enjoy listening to music too. Trace discusses why animals like music, and also ho... Sometimes, math can be hard... but can it also be beautiful? Our resident mathematician Tara Long joins DNews today to discuss a new study shows how math can be perceived as a beautiful piece of ar... We all love music...right? Is it possible for someone to listen to music and have no emotional response? Anthony reports on how close to 5% of the population simply do not like listening to music.... Barbie dolls have been criticized for portraying an unrealistic figure for females. Is this affecting how young girls view themselves? Cristen Conger is here to tell you about the new doll Lammily,... There are good reasons why certain drugs have been made illegal, but could some of these drugs have potential medicinal benefits? Cristen Conger from Stuff Mom Never Told You joins DNews to discuss... Sometimes, we find ourselves judging people based on their appearance, but do we also judge people's character traits based on their face? Join Anthony as he talks about how children and adults bot... Neanderthals, an ancient cousin-species to humans, lived for a while at the same time as Homo Sapiens. Could this now-extinct species talk just like you and I do? Trace is here to tell you about a ... Click here to tweet this video: http://dne.ws/1hVnLT9Spring is right around the corner, and many of us are feeling a little bit feverish and jumpy. Is spring fever actually a thing? Cristen Conger... Insomnia isn't fun. It can have some pretty harsh physical and psychological side effects. Is insomnia actually changing your brain? Anthony breaks down some of the causes of insomnia, and explains... It's widely debated whether a dog's level of aggression towards strangers due to it's breed, or the way it's owner raises it. Some states even have laws that are specific to certain breeds. Anthony... The crisis in Ukraine is causing some tension between the United States and Russia. If Russia decided that they don't want to bring American astronauts on the International Space Station back to Ea... There are 7 billion people on the planet, making it fairly likely that someone, somewhere looks exactly like you! Is there a science behind Doppelgangers? Laci is here to discuss what happens in th... A prehistoric whale graveyard was discovered in a Chilean desert a few years ago, and no one could figure out how the whales all died together half a mile from the coast... until now. Anthony is he... Many of us use white noise sound machines to drown out the noise at night. It's common for parents to use them for their babies, but is this safe? Lend Trace your ear as he discusses the negative e... Real-life barbie Valeria Lukyanova has decided she's going to try and survive on only sunlight and air. While most of us think this is crazy, it brings up a question: How long can you survive witho... Amputees can sometimes feel pain where their limb once used to be. This is tricky to stop, as the pain coming from the brain. Trace explains some new research on how these individuals can play virt... We've known for some time that as a woman gets older, the likelihood a pregnancy will result in physical and mental problems for the child increases. But does the father's age also matter as well? ... Everyone keeps asking scientists when they're going to clone a woolly mammoth. It's not the easiest thing to do, but they are working on it! Trace is here to discuss with you how we're planning on ... The key to being a creative genius is to lie and cheat! New research shows a surprising link between creativity and dishonesty. Join Anthony as he discusses how breaking rules allows you to become ... It's common among high school and college students in the U.S. to complain about the drinking age being higher than other countries. But should we actually lower the drinking age? Trace and Laci ta... When a long-term relationships end, we describe ourselves as being heartbroken. But can you actually die from a broken heart? Laci and Anthony are here to discuss the interesting physical and menta... You wake up in the middle of the night because you've been sleeping on your arm. You feel a weird, tingly feeling all throughout that limb. Laci is here to talk to you about why you feel this, and ... It's becoming more and more popular in America to smoke hookah. It's commonly thought that it's much safer than smoking cigarettes, but is there any truth to this? Trace shatters your misconception... This week was a big week for space news! Not only did astronomers confirm an additional 715 planets outside our solar system, but they also found water vapor in the atmosphere of a nearby planet! J... If you have a mobile device, you've probably played the addicting game Candy Crush Saga. It seems like you can spend hours on it, and never get bored. Why is this? Anthony is here to tell you why t... Criminals think they're better than other criminals. Criminals also think they're better than you! Anthony and Trace report on an interesting new study confirming the belief that most people think ... Selfies have taken the world by storm, as thousands of them are being uploaded to social media sites such as Instagram everyday! Does the way we take selfies differ from city to city? Trace reports... We've all grown up thinking that sitting too close to the television, or watching tv for too long is damaging to our eyes. But... that might not be the case! Trace is here to debunk some common vis... Before you go on and make your next important decision, try dimming the lights. New research shows that intense lighting can affect the way that we make decisions, and also cause us to emotionally ... Late Monday, the Bitcoin-trading site Mt. Gox went dark, leaving everyone questioning the future of the virtual currency. There have been reports of a security breach, compromising over $300 millio... Many of us work hard to take care of our bodies by eating healthy and exercising, but new research says that it might not be enough! Laci reports on a new study that says that the amount of time we... Scientists recently found the oldest thing on Earth, a zircon crystal, and it dates back to 4.4 billion years ago! Carbon dating is a helpful tool in order to date old things, but it's limited. Tr... It's a widely known fact that the Earth revolves around the sun, but did you know 25% of Americans don't know this? Recent surveys are showing that Americans aren't too smart when it comes to scien... Whether or not you support gay rights, there is distinct scientific evidence that homophobia is dangerous to everyone! Trace explains how being homophobic, or being gay in a community that doesn't ... C-sections are becoming more and more common in hospitals. They're quick and easy, but are they really better than natural childbirth? Laci is here to weigh out some of the pros and cons of getting... Acne can really be a huge downer during your teenage years. Now, for the first time, we're seeing human bacteria spread to plants! Trace reveals the shocking news that acne is spreading to an unlik... The documentary "The Act of Killing" follows the stories of some of the top death-squad leaders as they reenact the Indonesian killings of 1965-66. This critically acclaimed film is hard to watch, ... Your brain is an incredible organ that allows you to function, grow, and learn. But sometimes, your brain tries to trick you. Anthony breaks down three ways that your brain will trick you into maki... The moon is just sitting there waiting for us to go back. There are countless opportunities for scientific research and discovery. Trace is here to talk to you about how Google's X PRIZE is now off... During major events, such as the current uprising in Ukraine, the Internet plays an important role of spreading information. The problem is, sometimes these stories are made up! Annie is here to di... Mind control might not be a thing of the future, because researchers were able to achieve this with two monkeys! This news is both incredible, and yet a bit terrifying. Anthony discusses what possi... If you've spent any time on the Internet, you'll know that there are some people who take pleasure in derailing meaningful conversation with hurtful or meaningless comments. What do these trolls do... For years, we've thought that if you dress up, more people will think and treat you as though you are rich and successful. This might not be the case anymore. Anthony and Meg and here to talk to yo... With the recent death of Philip Seymour Hoffman, a few celebrities got in trouble for tweeting 'tasteless' jokes. Make jokes about tragedy is a great coping mechanism, but how soon is too soon? Wel... Addiction can take many forms. Whether it's a drug addiction, alcohol addiction, gambling addiction, or even an internet addiction. But what if the definition of an addict is seen differently based... If you own a pet, are you more social and a better member of society? Maybe so! Catie Wayne fills in for Laci today and reports on an interesting study that says that children and adolescents are a... Technology is changing, and more and more people are communicating with emoticons. But are these emoticons changing our brains? Anthony reports on an interesting new study that shows how we're star... Many different types of species hibernate, and they all do it a little bit differently. Many bears hibernate, but for some reason, polar bears do not. Why is this? Trace explains why polar bears do... Russia has been under the microscope globally with all of their anti-gay laws. Many people are boycotting the Olympics in Sochi because of their stance on homosexuality. Meg Turney from Sourcefed j... Since it's conception, social networking site Facebook has only allowed users to choose between 2 genders: male and female. However, this week, they changed that by adding over 50 new gender option... This was a big week for space! Astronomers found both the oldest star we've ever seen, and also the youngest galaxy. Both were formed just after the Big Bang occurred 13 billion years ago, and Trac... A few weeks ago, Anthony reported on a study that says that women will kiss 15 people in their lifetime before they settle down with 'The One." For Valentines Day, Laci thought it would be fun to t... Parts of the United States have experienced an extremely cold and snowy winter, which is being referred to as the 'Polar Vortex' and 'Winter Storm Hercules.' Does this winter prove that global warm... Need a date for Valentines day? Is your relationship falling apart? We all have love problems sometimes, so Trace and Meg Turney from Sourcefed are here with all the relationship advice you need...... What color were dinosaurs? Movies depict them to be green and brown, but since we haven't seen a live dinosaur, how can we be sure? Well, Anthony is here to tell you how we might finally have an an... The 2014 Robocop remake imagines a future where a half-human half-robot cyborg polices the streets of Detroit. We got a chance to sit down with the cast of the new movie to discuss what the future ... After watching countless hours of 2014 Olympic Game coverage from Sochi, Trace became curious about the actual physics behind curling. Curiosity got the best of him, and he decided to learn about i... Recently Bill Nye and Ken Ham had a debate regarding the validity of evolution and creationism. This debate mixed with the recent discovery of the earliest known human footprints outside Africa is ... Over the weekend, 18-month-old Marius the giraffe was shot, cut up, and fed to the lions in front of visitors at the Copenhagen Zoo in Denmark. Following this act, thousands of people around the wo... New studies are showing that the more symmetrical your face is, the less likely you'll recognize that person if you see them again. More plainly, the more attractive a face is, the less likely you'... The fact is, more than half of all patients take their prescribed medications incorrectly. What if there was a way to ingest a microchip that would send a message to your doctor if you were taking ... The comic book character Daredevil revolves around a man who loses one sense, and his other senses are heightened. But what if it was possible to heighten your senses without having to to lose one?... The Academy Award nominated documentary, "Cutie and the Boxer," explores the life and marriage of artist Ushio Shinohara and his wife Noriko. Almost 40 years later, Noriko is tired of living in pov... The 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics have begun! Feeling inspired, Laci thought it would be fun to do some research of her own. So, watch as she takes to the ice to interview some professional figure ska... The aurora borealis is so beautiful. It's the result of charged particles dancing across the upper atmosphere of our planet. Other than that, we don't know too much about it. Join Trace as he disc... It has been commonly accepted that humans have six basic emotional facial expressions. This is theory held across all cultures in every part of the world. However, new research says that we actuall... Do you ever wonder why dogs will sometimes walk in circles before sleeping or going to the bathroom? Well, it has to do with some hygiene and territorial instincts that dogs have when they're in th... With the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi beginning, and the earning of medals has begun, an interesting question arises: Are Olympic gold medals actually made of pure gold? Trace runs down a history ... Researchers are trying to create the coldest spot in the universe. Why? Because they can! Also, because it can teach us a lot about quantum mechanics, and we could study what happens to light and m... Will shivering help you lose weight? It's unlikely, but exercising in the cold might be beneficial! The body burns energy to keep you warm through a process called "temperature training," and Trace... You go and pick up the leftover pizza from last week, and you notice part of it is moldy. If you cut off that part, is it safe to eat it? Anthony gets to the bottom of this extremely pressing quest... Over the past decade, there has been a rise in same-sex schooling in the United States. This is done in hopes that schools can increase students' achievement and academic interest, but is it effect... We all know that when a sperm enters an egg, a zygote is created, and the creation of a fetus begins. But what is that sperm's journey really like, and does sperm have an overall strategy? Trace di... How much do you remember about being a child? Probably not too much. Childhood memories can be a bit spotty. But at what age is your brain able to maintain memories so that you can recollect them l... How often do you shower or wash your body? Chances are, you probably bathe too much! Bathing every day strips the body and hair of natural oils, and it dries out the skin. Trace washes away some my... Short man syndrome, or Napoleon Complex, is the thought that shorter men are overly-aggressive and overcompensate for their height. A few theories have debunked this theory, however there might act... It's possible that one day we will come across life on another planet. However, this brings up an important question: How do we measure the intelligence of this alien? It's a complicated question, ... The axolotl, or more commonly known as the Mexican water monster, is a bit of a celebrity in the animal kingdom, as it's cute appearance led it to be featured in games like Pokemon and Animal Cross... It seems like every week, we find a groundbreaking space story that is mind-blowing. But sometimes there's just some space news that makes us want to facepalm - or rather - spacepalm. Trace and Sco... Gossiping is typically looked down upon in today's society, but could gossiping can actually have a few positive effects! If it's not malicious, it encourages people to act honestly in group settin... From humans to monkeys to lizards to frogs, every known species, both living and extinct, with a jaw and a backbone has paired limbs! Why is this and how did this develop? Trace discusses how our s... Ever wonder what would happen if a baby was born in space? Well, recent studies show that there could be some harmful side effects...including the inability to fight off infection! Join Trace and A... The hospitals of the future might be drastically different than the ones we go to today. It's likely that we will no longer see things like stethoscopes and white lab coats, and we also might have ... Could cow farts blow up a barn? Apparently so! A static charge triggered an explosion of methane gas in a barn in Rasdorf, Germany earlier this week. How powerful is methane gas? Trace joins us and... Now that the 2014 Grammy Awards are over, a lot of people are wondering if there's a formula to writing a successful pop song. Producers like Max Martin, who has written sixteen #1 hits since 1999 ... Hot peppers are all the craze these days, as the industry has grown by 40% in the past decade! It's commonly thought that the hotness is in the seeds, but recent studies show what chefs have known ... Handwashing is no joke, especially when wet hands can harbor a ton of bacteria. While hand dryers are better for the environment, overall, are they better than paper towels? Trace takes some time t... For years, people have thought daydreamers lack focus and have a poor work ethic. Well, daydreamers unite! New research shows that daydreaming in fact has a specific purpose, and it might even help... If a man forgets an anniversary or a birthday, is he really to blame? When told to get something in another room, do you forget what you were asked to retrieve the moment you step into a different ... The future of combat might not involve humans, but robots! The United States Army is considering lowering brigades from 4,000 soldiers to around 3,000 soldiers, replacing these men and women with r... Iceland is leading the way when it comes to using magma as an alternative source of fuel. In fact, they even came up with the first ever geothermal plant after accidentally drilling into magma back... The Oscar-nominated movie "The Square" captures the events that took place when a group of Egyptian activists demanded for President Mubarak to step down. Since then, the Egyptian Revolution has b... Sloths are not only cute and adorable, but they have an ecosystem living in their fur! Moths and dung eating insects live on the sloth, and they create algae on its body. The algae serves as a camo... In nearby galaxy M82, a star is exploding...and you can see it! This isn't terribly surprising news, as M82 is filled with stars being created and dying. So what exactly is a supernova, and what do... Media has a way of glorifying men with large muscles and women who are skinny. This is especially troubling for women, as they see thinness being associated with beauty, leading to eating disorders... With the 2014 Super Bowl between the Seattle Seahawks and the Denver Broncos approaching quickly, super fans are anxious about the weather conditions during the game. The polar vortex is giving som... Crush all your mind reading dreams, because ESP isn't real. People who claim to have ESP are in fact picking up on something, but it's not brain waves. It's their own brain putting pieces together,... It isn't terribly uncommon for some animals to predict storms, but is it possible for them to predict, let's say, an earthquake? Japanese Oarfish are rarely seen, but when they are, it's when they ... Mind control isn't around... yet. But is there a secret way to get anything you want? Could you manipulate anyone into doing anything for you? Probably not, but there are some ways to make the odds... Your parents have probably told you a thousand times. "If you crack your knuckles, you'll get arthritis." Well parents, this isn't true! Trace pops this common myth and tells you what actually happ... At some point, we're all going to die, but what are we going to do with all our bodies? Cemeteries are becoming overpopulated, so there's limited space in the ground. Cremation saves space. But wha... So, you can't get that song out of your head? You probably have an earworm. Why is this happening? Well, science isn't very clear on this yet. Laci sits down and to discuss what we do know about ea... For years, we've known that humans can't multitask. We can serial task by switching our attention back and forth between tasks quickly, but it makes us less efficient. However, a new study shows th... In the movie "Her," a man falls in love with his digital assistant, which raises the question: are we close to having a supercomputer that can recreate functions of the human brain? Anthony draws o... Now I ain't saying she's a gold digger...but these people were actual gold diggers! In the late 1800's, thousands of people left their homes and traveled to Alaska in hopes of finding gold. While m... The end of stitches is near! Scientists have been experimenting with different adhesives, and one of the most promising is from worms. Sandcastle worms excrete an adhesive substance that could hold... Over the past decade, researches have been testing gene therapy on blind dogs in attempt to restore vision. Earlier this week, six patients in Oxford had this same treatment done, and they're repor... Want to take a vacation to outer space? Not a problem...if you have $250,000 laying around. Virgin Galactic is aiming to start suborbital flights later this year, and with that, we now have space t... Ever wonder how people mined for gold? Have no fear! You can use a pan, a large drill, and even explosives! Anthony did some digging and found out many of the methods that people get that rare subs... Don't you hate it when your mom is calling you for dinner, and she mixes your name up with your sibling? Does she love you less? Larry... sorry, Laci and Trace dive into the world of psychology and... Earlier this week, a U.S. Court of Appeals ruled against the FCC, ending net neutrality. Is this the end of an Open Internet? Annie fills in and explains what this decision means, and how consumers... We all know how monetarily valuable gold is, but it could be even more valuable than you'd think! Not only does bling make you look cooler, but gold also has other helpful uses... from a chemothera... With Bill Nye's video on creationism gone viral, the Creation Museum's Ken Ham has challenged him to a debate that will question the theory of evolution...but should Nye even debate such a thing wi... If you've ever had one too many beers with your friends one night, you'll know how terrible that next morning can be. Hangovers are no fun, and if you drink, there's really no way to avoid them. Bu... Need to remember something? Drink some coffee! Trace tells you about a new study that explores how caffeine strengthens your memory.Read More: Post-study caffeine administration enhances memory ... Since the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster, people have been quick to blame radiation levels across the Pacific on the deteriorating power plant. Is the radiation spreading that far, and is there an... We all know that the universe is big. It's very big...but just how large is it? Join Anthony as he discusses some pretty astounding new theories about the universe, and how we're extremely close to... Across the world, tons of people deny the existence of evolution. Their argument? They can't see it! Well, what if evolution was taking place right before our eyes? Laci is joined by Catie Wayne fr... Sweet, salty, savory, or spicy, all food is delicious. But what makes crispy food so much more enticing? Trace took the time to get to the bottom of this insanely mouthwatering viewer submitted que... For 3 years now, it has been widely debated whether or not the Y chromosome will disappear. Will men cease to exist on Earth without the gene that created them? Anthony takes a look at recent findi... Imagine going into a cave that very few have ever stepped in before. Now imagine that this cave was filled with the oldest known human-painted images, dating back over 32,000 years. In this week's ... For years, we've believed that around 2 billion planets in the galaxy are able to support alien life. But what if we were wrong? Anthony discusses how new knowledge of the Goldilocks Zone could mea... Babies might come off as cute and innocent, but are they actually evil geniuses out to manipulate and control us? Laci and Anthony uncover some new findings about how babies might just know more th... Toyota revealed a hydrogen fuel cell-powered electric vehicle at CES 2014, along with the announcement that it'll be hitting the market sometime next year! Annie spoke to Toyota's Fuel Cell Group s... 3D printing is huge at this year's Consumer Electronics Show, and Trace checked out three of the newest printers: 3D Systems' edible-model-printing ChefJet, the enormous MakerBot Z18 and the ultra-... Merriam-Webster declared 'science' the 2013 word of the year. But can reading something other than data and facts, say a work of fiction, help improve brain function? Anthony explains the many poss... CES 2014's Digital Health Summit had a ton of incredible robots on display, including robotic legs for the paralyzed, adorable manufacturing robots and more.Unbounded Robotics:http://unboundedro... By 2050 all vehicles on the road will be self-driving, according to a new report. Don't believe it or unsure how you feel about it? Laci explains how these autonomous cars are coming sooner than yo... Kissing is great, but how many people will we kiss until we find 'the one'? New research says for women, it's 15 men. But for men? Join Anthony as he walks you through new data on the average roman... Farting happens - but are we more prone to it on an airplane? Trace explains how air pressure affects flatulence, and reports on one study's surprising suggestion to curb that gas high up in the ai... Uptalk is defined as finishing sentences with a rising intonation, often indicating a question or uncertainty. Research shows that though both men and women do it, women are more guilty of it even ... While we may think our routine trip to the grocery store or spontaneous walk at the park is our own doing, they actually follow a universal pattern! Anthony explains the theory of the Levy walk and... You can predict a person's political party based on what they drink! Laci and Trace tell you about new research that connects alcohol preferences to politics. Read More: 9 Political Views We Can... Antarctica is a cold, harsh place with vast changing landscapes and uncovered mysteries underneath the ice. Why wouldn't we go there? Trace digs into what researchers are discovering about the ice ... Feeling anxious or nervous about something? Don't try to calm yourself down - get psyched! Annie tells you about a new study that suggests that excitement over fear-inducing activities can make yo... There's a lot coming in space exploration in 2014! Trace tells you about the top 3 space missions he's looking forward to in the new year.Read More: Orion Exploration Flight Test-1http://www.na... It's easy to watch the news and get down on our global state of affairs. But the world has made some great strides in improving life for everyone on this planet. Anthony, Laci, and Trace explain wh... Sherlock Holmes is a master detective who uses every sort of investigative technique to solve a crime. And while he might be fictional, the scientific methods he practices are quite real. Trace exp... How much of your memory can you trust? Anthony tells you what goes into remembering something and how, even when we think our memories is strong, we're all susceptible to false or changing memory!... The New Year is upon us, and that means it's New Year Resolution time! Guest host Cristen Conger (http://www.youtube.com/StuffMomNeverToldYou) goes down a list of five habits you might think are go... In 1964, Isaac Asimov made a number of predictions about what life would be like in 2014. And prepare yourself, because some of these predictions were startlingly accurate. Trace runs down Asimov's... Got a New Years party to go to a need a few interesting stories to share? Anthony and Laci team up to tell you a few of the weirdest stories of the year sure to spice up any lagging conversation.... 2013 was a big year in the world of gene research. We're learning incredible things about why we are the way we are. Guest host Cristen Conger of Stuff Mom Never Told You (http://www.youtube.com/st... Ever wonder where 'the internet' actually lives? Where are the tens of billions of websites actually housed, and how does it all work? Trace takes a look at how the internet actually works.Read M... In the wine world, sommeliers are a big deal. They know more about wine than you'd believe. But a Master Sommelier is on a whole other level. Less than 300 people in the world have reached such hei... 2013 has been a big year for boobs. Guest host Cristen Conger (http://www.youtube.com/stuffmomnevertoldyou) runs down the list of five new scientific discoveries we made about breasts this year!R... Trace is on vacation this week so we've got a very special guest host who's got a few things to tell you about the moon. FUN FACT: She recited all of this from memory without a teleprompter, scri... Anthony sits down with filmmaker & Film Riot host, Ryan Connolly to discuss the top 5 science fiction films of all time!Learn More: Check Out Ryan Connolly!On Film Riot:http://www.youtube.com... The DARPA Robotics Challenge is THE place to see the most amazing robotics in the world. Annie Gaus was there in sunny Miami to check it out.Read More: Darpa Robotics Challenge Trials 2013http:... The holidays have a way of bringing up fond memories that can warm your heart. But are there any actual health benefits to nostalgia? It's more than just a longing for the past, and as Anthony and ... Between Thanksgiving and New Year's there are so many opportunities to overeat. A little weight gain may be inevitable - even if you exercise! But don't let that discourage you from working out ove... What kinds of bacteria live in and on us? And how much bacteria do we share with the people and pets we live with? A San Francisco-based company called uBiome is trying to find the answers. Anthony... More people hit the road during the holidays than during any other time of the year. And if it seems that this time of the year brings out all the bad drivers, you're right! Trace & Laci look at wh... The holidays are a stressful time. But for people who are already prone to anxiety, they can be extra tough. Trace has some tips on managing the holiday hustle and bustle.Read More: Christmas: ... According to a new study, a whopping one percent of women claim that they have had babies, but are virgins! Laci Green looks at the science behind these wild claims.Read More: US researchers po... Could we just send all our nuclear waste to the sun? It would sure solve a lot of problems! Trace looks at whether or not this crazy plan has any possibility of happening. Read More: What are n... io9's Esther Inglis-Arkell is back to recommend her favorite sci-fi and nonfiction books of the year!Read More: Magnificent Principia by Colin Paskhttp://www.amazon.com/Magnificent-Principia-Ex... A major equipment failure on the International Space Station has made for a rough week for the six astronauts living aboard. Two of those astronauts will be doing a Christmas Day spacewalk to fix t... There are a bunch of facts surrounding the holiday season you probably believe to be true, but totally aren't! Anthony rights a few holiday wrongs.Read More: Holiday Suicides: Fact or Myth?htt... There's a new piece of software out there that can identify a whole lot more about you than your name via Facebook. By analyzing a photo of you alone, it can accurately predict intimate details abo... Paper vs. plastic bags: You'd think this fight would have been settled by now. But as Trace explains, for cities around the world, the fight is more complicated than you'd think. Read More: Do ... This likely won't be news to Americans, but citizens of the US get the least amount of vacation time of any developed country. Laci Green tells us the unexpected impact of all this work.Read More... Have you ever seen something pass through your field of vision? Or maybe you see spots when you close your eyes. Trace explains what those eye 'floaters' are and if you should be concerned when you... Artificial intelligence is a promising, kind of scary technology. And it's set to become a huge part of YOUR life! Guest host Annie Gaus explains where AI is going and the big names taking the lead... You can tell a lot about a person based on how they speak. But can voice alone tell you things about a person like their height and weight? Laci looks at the connection between a person's appearanc... Laughing is weird if you think about it- a physical response to something we find funny, or even uncomfortable. Guest host Annie Gaus explains why we do it.Read More: DO ANIMALS LAUGHhttp://ww... Could long-distance relationships actually be better than traditional ones? According to new research, they just might! Trace explains how and why. Read More: Long-Distance Relationships Really... We're all told to eat healthier food. But is the financial burden of this demand too much for some families to bear? Laci explores if the cost of healthy food a real barrier to a healthier society.... Cloned animals are moving out of the lab and onto the polo field! A champion polo horse was cloned as a way of preserving his athletic ability. Did it work? Trace has the answer. Read More: Can... There's IQ, so what's EQ? It's a measure of emotional intelligence and it might be playing a much larger role in your life than you realize. Laci explains what exactly it is and why you should care... You've heard how money is some of the dirtiest objects in our lives. You've probably also heard how most money contains traces of cocaine. Anthony looks if there's any actual evidence to back up th... Trace takes a critical look at the first controversial installment in the Zeitgeist trilogy that went on to start a movement around the world. Go to http://netflix.com/dnews for a month of free Net... Another awesome humanoid robot has been built-- this time by NASA. It's called Valkyrie. He's a massive 6'2", 280 pounds of amazing engineering. Trace tell us all about it.Read More: NASA's Val... There's a satellite that's been traveling for nearly a decade in outer space, and it's about to land on a comet! In this week's Space Friday, Trace explains how this amazing feat of engineering is ... Imagine a geyser hundreds of kilometers high... sound crazy? Well on Jupiter's moon, they exist and what these super geysers eject could give us invaluable insight into this unique, ice-covered pla... There's this popular notion that learning to play music will help a person to somehow become smarter and foster their overall creativity. But new research suggests that's all baloney. Anthony expla... As the saying goes, each snowflake is different. And chances are that saying is right! Anthony and Laci join up to tell you how snowflakes form, and why each one is so unique.Read More: Macro p... True cat people really love their animals. But do their felines love them back? Anthony tells us about a new study that sheds some light on what cats REALLY think of their owners.Read More: Voc... Since the world went digital, many of our photos, letters, and videos are all stored digitally. And things like old video tapes and even film are breaking down, and breaking down fast. Trace tells ... If you live in a big city these days, chances are you or someone you know has complained about the ever-increasing price of rent. Laci Green looks at the real numbers out there and and tells us if ... Singer Susan Boyle has announced she's been diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome. Asperger's is a form of Autism, a disorder affecting millions of people, but one scientists understand very little ab... No one (besides Santa, of course) claims ownership over the North Pole... but that may soon change. Guest Host Annie Gaus tell us which country is making a play for the North Pole and why.Read Mo... You'd think koalas would sound as cute as they look. But oh no.. the sound they make is nothing like what you'd expect. Trace explains why these adorable marsupials sound the way they do.Read Mor... When does a person really become a 'grown up?' Surely age can't be the only determining factor. Laci Green looks at how the brain matures and what it means- from a scientific perspective- to be an ... Snakes are pretty incredible animals. And the poisonous ones even more so. Trace explains how snakes evolved to become venomous and why they must keep evolving this tool to keep their deadly reputa... There's a group of people who've gone to court, trying to give a captive chimpanzee many of the same rights as human beings. The group called the 'Nonhuman Rights Project' is posing some very inter... Space isn't just for big governments and multi-billion dollar corporations! You can join in now, too! In this week's Space Friday, Trace shows us some of the most exciting homegrown space programs ... With the passing of Nelson Mandela, the world loses not only an international icon of peace and reconciliation, but also someone with the unique ability to truly forgive. Casting aside his anger an... Say this five times fast: She sells seashells by the seashore. Or: If Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. But these famous tongue twisters are nothing compared to a new one created by MIT... DNews is one year old! And to commemorate this momentous occasion Trace, Anthony, and Laci all sit down to answer YOUR questions about how the show is made and what it's like to work somewhere that... Google has just announced a huge new push into robotics. And they're not the only ones. We seem to hear about new, exciting robotics companies every day. But as Trace tells us, these next-gen robot... Besides condoms and vasectomies, there isn't much men can do to share the responsibility in birth control. But not for long! Now, researchers have developed a pill that can temporarily render a mal... Does the saying that you need eight glasses of water a day actually hold water? Trace looks at how much H2O you really need to drink to keep your body in prime shape.Read More: Born Wet, Human ... The premise of Assassin's Creed is the reliving of other people's memories stored inside DNA. Well scientists have found that in mice, it actually happens! Anthony is joined by special guest and ou... Secrets are not something you should keep locked away. Do that, and they'll eat you from the inside out! That's according to scientists studying their psychological impact on the secret-keeper. Lac... Amazon.com says in a few years, your orders will be delivered to your door by drones! But before this happens, there's a few (major) issues to be worked out. Anthony explains their plan, and if the... Cold and flu season are in full swing. But why when the weather turns cold do we all seem to get sick? Laci has the answer.Read More: WHY KIDS TOP THE LIST FOR SPREADING GERMShttp://www.futuri... A new, widely reported study announced eating animal products such as meat and dairy are virtually necessary to young, developing brains. But that is sooo, totally untrue. Anthony why. Read More... Cute little seahorses are DEATH MACHINES! Anthony explains new research into how these this adorable super killer does it's deadly work.Read More: Seahorse heads have a 'no wake zone' that's ma... The 1960s were a time of sweeping social change, yet not a whole lot is known about the civil rights work of the American Indian Movement. In this week's DNews Screening Room, Anthony explores wha... New research show that simply seeing beauty and experiencing awe can totally change the way you see the world. Guest host Annie Gaus explains why.Read More: Experiencing awe increases belief in ... Just because astronauts in orbit are miles and miles above the Earth's surface doesn't mean they have to miss out on all the holiday festivities. Trace shows us how this festive time of year is cel... With all the rich, delicious food consumed over the holidays, it makes sense everyone would gain some weight. But how many pounds does the average person actually pack on? Cristen Conger from 'Stuf... It's long been said that a naturally occurring chemical in turkey makes you sleepy. Anthony is joined by Cristen Conger from 'Stuff Mom Never Told You' to find out if there's any actual scientific ... Punkin Chunkin has officially gone big time. Trace drops by the 2013 Punkin Chunkin World Championships to find out how these truly awesome pumpkin launchers are built.Read More: Punkin Chunkin... Bill Gates challenged inventors to revolutionize the condom, and they delivered! Laci Green reports on their creations, including the condom made from cow parts. And no, we're not joking.Read Mor... The holiday travel season is upon us! And for many, that means loading the family up in the car and driving off to see loved ones near and far. But you don't have to let gas prices dampen your holi... Spanking misbehaving kids is a topic debated by parents everywhere. And now, with the release of a new study, there appears to be solid, scientific evidence against the practice. Anthony explains w... Bionic tools are no longer restricted to the pages of science fiction literature. Real, amazing advances are being made and promise to transform the way humans experience the world. Trace runs down... Whatever we do in life, we're bound to be bored at some point, but what kind of bored are we? That's right, there are multiple types of boredom! Laci explains what they are and why boredom suddenly... Hey guys... got a nose you think is too big? Well it might just be the thing that helps you bulk up at the gym. That's right, as Anthony tell us, there's a very interesting connection between a big... When it comes to weight loss, it might just be those over-sized plates and bowls you're eating from that's your problem. Trace explains a whole new idea behind a cause for overeating.Read More:... Ever try to tickle yourself? It doesn't work! Anthony explains how tickling works and why it's something you can't do alone.Read More: Tickling yourself is impossible even in another's shoesht... It's a disturbing story you've heard over and over: Random women falling head over heels in love with dangerous murderers locked up in jail. Guest host Cristen Conger explains the origins of this b... A piece of rock found it's way all the way from Mars to a desert in Northwest Africa. And now it's has the potential to tell us all kinds of things about the Red Planet. Trace explains what this on... Good news, gamers! A decade-long landmark study on the impact of video games on kids has been released, and you're safe! Anthony is joined by Rev3 Game's Tara Long to detail their report.Read Mor... It's been 50 years since President John F. Kennedy was killed in Dallas, Texas. But how and why Kennedy was killed has been one of most highly debated topics of the modern era. Ben Bowlin from "Stu... When it comes to pain, just get it over with! Not only will it be over more quickly, but it'll actually hurt you less! Guest host Annie Gaus explains why confronting your pain head on is the way to... The Hunger Games series explores a society where reality television has pushed the limits on the human condition. How far is this from our own society? Laci explores the effects of "reality" on tel... There's nothing quite like a juicy steak straight off the grill, but scientists are coming close to replicating that meaty greatness, without the meat! Annie sinks her teeth into the advances in fa... Join our LIVE Facebook Q&A on Friday, November 22nd to answer all your crap-tastic questions! Like us now to stay updated: http://facebook.com/dnewsShare this video using hashtag #PoopWeek all we... With the US Senate hearing on virtual currencies, it looks like Bitcoin could be a legit form of money. Guest host Annie Gaus explores how this anonymous, peer-to-peer transaction has risen in the ... Share this video using hashtag #PoopWeek all week long! http://dne.ws/1aBYtoU Join our LIVE Facebook Q&A on Friday, November 22nd to answer all your crap-tastic questions! Like us now to stay upd... Forget helicopters - Quadrotors are where it's at! These four bladed machines are revolutionizing everything from package delivery to search and rescue. Anthony explains how they work and why the U... Vitamin supplements are everywhere, touting that a normal food diet doesn't provide the entire nutrition we need. Supplementing with vitamins will make us healthier and will prolong our lives. But ... You've heard the saying that the brain is a muscle that needs to be exercised. Well new research is showing us there are specific activities we can do keep away dementia and possibly Alzheimer's, t... Toronto Mayor Rob Ford's done it; Whitney Houston did it; and millions more have tried it or are addicted to it. But similar things could be said about cocaine, which made Laci Green wonder: just h... With billions of stars in our galaxy alone, many with their own earth-like planets, how are we to know which ones might be habitable? Well, new research thinks we might just have the clue, and it a... You may have seen that image purportedly showing the alarming spread of Fukushima radiation across the Pacific. But dig deeper, and you'll find that's not the case at all. And that's not the only p... It's the laziest form of social or political activism: Slacktivism. And if you're not a slacktivist yourself, you definitely know one. We're talking about that person who talks about going out and ... The only word that's truly universal - huh? Laci Green tells us why and how this simple expression gained a global understanding. Read More: Is "Huh?" a Universal Word? Conversational Infrastru... As crazy as it sounds, solar panels actually respond to pop music! Scientists in the UK have discovered that a certain type of experimental panel drastically increases efficiency if loud music is p... In the US, women live 5 to 10 years longer than men. Are men doing something wrong, or are women really the superior sex? Laci explains this life expectancy discrepancy.Read More:Why Men Die You... Graphene is the most promising new material out there, likely to revolutionize the way we do or build almost anything. It's pure carbon, and totally amazing. Trace shows us all the different ways t... You've heard about the battle against trans fats, but there are other, arguably scarier things in your food than than artery-blocking fat. Laci is joined by Anthony for a list of the top five nasti... Kids are able to heal from injuries so much faster than adults thanks in part to one particular protein. As Anthony shows us, scientists are showing remarkable progress in harnessing that protein i... Without the ability to spray water, how do you put out a fire in space? And for that matter, without gravity, what does a burning fire look like? Trace has the answers. Read More: Strange Flames... Subscribe to Loot Crate and Support DNews! www.lootcrate.com/dnewsEver notice how your favorite songs seems to repeat key phrases multiple times? Well it turns out this element of music is a key... There's a new diet trend that is scientifically proven to help you live a longer and healthier life. It's the increasingly popular 'mediterranean diet' and as Laci Green shows us, it's one of the e... Sexuality is more about just being gay or straight. New research shows that many people ignore or don't believe in bi and asexuality- this despite the fact there's scientific evidence supporting th... In the early, dark days of the AIDS crisis, the government was little help to those suffering from the newly discovered disease. So two groups took it upon themselves to spur politicians into actio... There's nothing cuter than a baby animal frolicking and playing. But who says baby animals get to have all the fun?! Trace looks at the purpose of play in animals and shows us a hysterical video of... The US and Russia are hardly the only big names in space exploration. Right now more countries than ever are making their way to space. Trace looks at which countries are joining up to become inter... It's one of, if not, the strongest storm ever recorded on the planet. Super Typhoon Haiyan slammed into the Philippines with winds touching 235 miles per hour. Trace looks at how this typhoon diff... According to some scientists, we must begin using more nuclear power in order to prevent global warming from accelerating. But that creates a huge nuclear waste problem. But scientists at the Unive... For guys, there's nothing like going in to take a pee, only to have the pee splashback against your leg. Anthony looks at the science of the pee splashback and what you can do to keep you clean and... DNews Audience Survey http://dne.ws/1dLMDtqGirls entering puberty earlier than usual is a problem first spotted nearly two decades ago. But the problem is spreading to more girls, and is continui... DNews Audience Survey http://dne.ws/1dLMDtqSnoring is no joke. If you're thinking the worst it does is keep your girlfriend or boyfriend awake, you're dead wrong. Trace explains why we snore and ... DNews Audience Survey http://dne.ws/1dLMDtqA new study out of Brigham Young University shows too much texting in a relationship can be seriously detrimental. Anthony explains the pitfalls to avoi... DNews Audience Survey http://dne.ws/1dLMDtqEveryone's heard someone say that they're "just not a math person." But don't believe them... it's a lie! These people are just lazy and science proves ... DNews Audience Survey http://dne.ws/1dLMDtqA new study published in PLoS One finds an interesting link between two always controversial topics: racism and gun ownership. Anthony explains what the... DNews Audience Survey http://dne.ws/1dLMDtqToday, we've got more than just TV to watch. Our phones, tablets, computers all supply a seemingly endless amount of content, and the amount we're consu... DNews Audience Survey http://dne.ws/1dLMDtqIt's called schadenfreude, and it's that feeling of pleasure at another person's misfortune. Sounds kind of sadistic, but there's actually some pretty s... DNews Audience Survey http://dne.ws/1dLMDtqPeople who are blind, obviously can't see. But new research shows that while they can't see, their brains can! Anthony explains what this means and how ... DNews Audience Survey http://dne.ws/1dLMDtqDuring troubling times, many people become angry at God. But surprisingly, it's not just the religious who are angry at the Big Guy. Laci explains the s... DNews Audience Survey http://dne.ws/1dLMDtqEver notice how having a group of attractive people in one place makes everyone in the area more attractive? Anthony explains how this so-called 'cheerl... DNews Audience Survey http://dne.ws/1dLMDtqAccording to new research, we have a tendency to be more ethical earlier in the day, and less so later. Turns out it all comes down to blood flow. Trace... DNews Audience Survey http://dne.ws/1dLMDtqThe UN has announced it's undertaking the effort to protect the planet from killer asteroids. Trace explains what their plan is if a giant space rock ... DNews Audience Survey http://dne.ws/1dLMDtqDon't lie-- Do you like big butts? Well that's ok, because new research shows that for women, a big behind can actually be beneficial to health! Anthony... Turns out living animals aren't the only ones with internal clocks. Plants also have them and they're driven by sugar! Trace explains how they work. Read More: Plants Discovered To Have Ability... By now you've probably seen that video of the baby being brought to tears by the beauty of her mother's singing voice. But are young babies really that emotionally mature? Anthony explains when chi... Film characters suffering from cabin fever can make for some truly terrifying- and memorable- movie scenes. But is that isolation-induced disorder a real condition, or simply something screenwriter... In honor of Halloween, Trace looks at 5 real-life mad scientists, whose work are both awesome, and kind of terrifying. Read More: Galvanic Reanimation of the DeadThe exploits of nineteenth cen... Documentaries like "Blackfish" have sparked worldwide debate about whether Orcas should be held in captivity and used for our entertainment. Laci looks at just how intelligent these animals are and... As any high school student knows, girls can be really mean.. almost animalistic in their viciousness. And so, when researchers went in search for what's behind this behavior, they turned to the ani... You've heard of junk DNA... well turns out it's not 'junk' after all! As Anthony explains, that DNA is actually what gave you that pretty little face of yours.Read More: Face-Shape Secrets May L... Pain is.. a pain. Too much of it, and it can really make life hard. But imagine none of it. That can be bad too, as you'd never know if you're hurt. That's the reality for a select few who carry a ... Some very interesting things happen when you fall in love-or even lust. The sweaty palms, the queasy stomach. Anthony explains what's going on physiologically to make these pesky reactions happen. ... A new study out shows that when it comes to intelligence, the oldest child has the upper hand. Laci Green explains what led researchers to this conclusion, and if younger siblings are really doomed... Should a doctor use information you've posted to social media sites to determine whether you're worthy of care? And as Anthony shows us, this is not just some theoretical question.Read More: Is... Follow in herpes' path, and you'll be walking on the the very route early humans took as they made they way around the globe. Trace shows us how this much-hated virus can reveal so much about our p... If you buy bottled water, the expectation is that you're getting the purest water out there-- far better than what comes out of your tap. In this week's DNews Screening Room, Trace reviews "Tapped,... Nothing is more annoying than a really bad itch. But imagine an itch you could never scratch away. Scarily, it's a real thing. Anthony explains a possible treatment for chronic itchiness, and the f... There are places right here on Earth that will enable you to experience what life is like on other planets. So pack a bag, 'cause Trace is about to take you on a wild ride!Read More: Concepts fo... Forget passing notes, these days students are busy texting and tweeting during class. Laci Green looks at whether all this mobile tech in the classroom is really a good or bad thing.Read More:Wh... Like rings on a tree, human flesh can be dated in a consistent, reliable way. And as Trace tells us, this discovery could revolutionize medicine, and even enable us to extend life.Read More: UC... It's a whole new approach to ridding yourself of bad memories. And it might just be in your medicine cabinet right now! SourceFed's Trisha Hershberger sits down with Anthony to talk about a pill th... When it comes to empathy we've got more for people we don't like, than the people we do. Sound crazy? Well as Anthony tells us, researchers have the science to back it up. Read More: Witnessing... Scientists are sounding alarms about human breast milk bought online. New tests show a huge percentage of that milk is contaminated with all kinds of nasty bugs, some are even potentially deadly. L... Some of the coolest, most interesting building out there garner so much attention not for their height, but for their wild curves and odd shapes. Trace explains why we're so drawn to this type of a... An elephant can hold more than 40 gallons of urine in it's giant bladder. And you'd think it would take a long time to empty a bladder that big, but you'd be wrong! It actually takes an elephant no... We've long believed that music as we know it is unique to our species. But as Anthony shows us, not only is this untrue, but in fact, human music may have been started by a little bird deep in the ... You hear the word 'drone,' you think military. But no more! Drones could soon be synonymous with package delivery! Forget waiting days for a package to arrive by snail mail. As Trace tells us, thes... The Global Positioning System, or GPS, is pretty amazing and chances are, it's playing a much greater role in your life than you realize. Anthony explains how GPS works and tells you about some pre... Technology has opened up incredible doors for us. And now, it's opening up a door into the human mind as well. Anthony Carboni reports on a new device that can read what's going on inside the human... There's nothing quite like a good cry. It's a universal human activity that, according to new research, can do all kinds of beneficial things to the body and mind. Laci Green is joined by Brain Stu... New research shows that kids who grow up with an imaginary friend are able to tackle life as an adult so much better than kids who don't. Laci and Anthony join up to explain why.Read More:For H... If you think about it, skeletons aren't awesome. Instead of the super strong shells or exoskeletons so many other animals have, we have these internal skeletons. That leaves or fragile bodies highl... Jellyfish in space? As crazy as it sounds, they're out there! Trace explains how and why they were sent up and the struggle they face back here on Earth.Read More: Jellyfish are taking over the... You'd think the most important thing you need to win an argument are good, solid supporting facts. But in the middle of heated debate, sometimes facts can work against you. Trace explains why and w... Scientists have just discovered a new, very important reason for you to get a good night's sleep. For the first time, they've actually been able to see the brain physically cleaning itself while yo... Eating popcorn is part of going to the movies. And these days, so is being forced to watch a ton of commercials before the film starts. But according to researchers, that popcorn gives you special ... They've finally found a fossilized mosquito full of prehistoric blood! So a real Jurassic Park is right around the corner, right? Trace explains what exactly this discovery means, and if this means... There's nothing like a good kiss. There's also nothing like a bad kiss. But why do we kiss in the first place? It's such an odd activity, yet 90% of all people do it. Laci joins Anthony in search o... Subscribe to Loot Crate and Support DNews! www.lootcrate.com/dnewsEvery dentist has the same message: "floss, floss, floss!" But turns out it's all a big lie! turns out flossing isn't quite the ... Truth serums: they've played an important role in some of our favorite movies, but do they exist in the real world? Ben Bowlin from "Stuff They Don't Want You To Know" joins Laci Green in the searc... Nuclear fusion is AMAZING. It's set to revolutionize the way we power almost everything on the planet. And scientists are closer than ever to achieving a sustained fusion reaction. Trace tells you ... All of the 2013 Nobel prizes have been announced! This year's prizes went to people doing amazing work, but not everyone can be a winner. Trace looks at who won, who was snubbed, and which deservin... The difference in the meaning of a genuine smile and a fake smile is vast. Trace has what to look for when you think someone might just be putting a show.Read More:Is the Human Brain Capable of... Sarcasm is one of those forms of humor you either appreciate, or you're just bugged by. And as children develop their language and social skills, a lot can be told from their ability to recognize s... Look around. You may not notice, but everything you see has been carefully, methodically, and aesthetically designed. In this week's Screening Room, Anthony reviews the documentary "Objectified," a... Dog owners have been saying it for years: "Dogs are really just four-legged, furry humans." And now science backs it up! Researchers trained dogs to lay still in an FMRI machine and what they found... We're revisiting sex in space. This time.. what would happen if a woman got pregnant in space? And is it even possible?Read More: Sex in Space Could Be Deadlyhttp://gizmodo.com/5990619/sex-in-s... Could the ultimate hangover cure already be in your fridge? Quite possibly, yes! Laci Green discusses the science behind hangovers and why a popular soda is so good at fighting them off. Read Mor... It's one of the coolest super powers out there: telekinesis. And if the mind really is as powerful as it's believed to be, is it possible? Trace opens his mind, and goes in search for the answer. ... When faced with a possible ailment, do you ever scour the internet for a diagnosis before referring to your doctor? And by that point, your symptoms have snowballed into a full blown self-diagnosis... It's a question in our human evolution we've still been unsure about: did we develop our hands or feet first? Both have helped us advance as a species, but now new research finally names the evolut... The new $100 bill is finally out and loaded with enhanced security features. Guest host Annie Gaus looks at how the redesigned Benjamin will make forgery nearly impossible.Read More: The Redesig... A group is claiming they've found Bigfoot! Sound familiar? Well this time they come with DNA evidence. So is this yet another Bigfoot hoax, or the real deal? Trace and Anthony investigate these wil... By any and all measures, Einstein was a genius. But what made him so different from any other person? Turns out his brain was wired in a very different way! Anthony takes a look inside to show you ... We inherit eye and skin color, but what about things like creativity or musical talent? Is creativity something we're born with, or something we learn? Guest Host Annie Gaus goes in search of answe... Octopus have perhaps the most complicated brain in the entire animal kingdom. Trace explains why it's so cool and how their brain allows the octopus to be such an awesome creature.Read More: How... It comes as no surprise that exercise is good for the body. But as Anthony tells us, in some cases, exercise can be as good or better than prescription meds at healing the body.Read More: Exerci... No one expects TV shows to contain perfectly accurate science. For TV, writers are more likely to use science fiction. Trace sits down with Esther Inglis-Arkell from i09 to discuss some of the best... Do you look people in the eye in an attempt to seem more persuasive or genuine? Well move those peepers around a bit, 'cause you're freaking people out! Anthony looks at what the right amount of ey... Knock on wood, don't walk under a ladder, throwing spilled salt over your left shoulder. All these superstitious things we do might actually help keep away bad juju. But don't take our word for it,... World Space Week starts today! Trace looks back on how humans first ventured beyond our atmosphere, and how very far we've come since those early days of space exploration.Join Trace, Ian O'Neill... It's the go-to website for information on just about anything. But is the info on Wikipedia worth it's weight in megabytes? Trace has the answer and tells us about a new plan to up the accuracy of ... Turns out we warp time when we take the blame for something bad. Sounds kinda crazy, we know. But as Anthony'll show ya, it's backed up by some pretty interesting science! Read More: Why blame ... Trace talks with astronaut Mike Massimino to find out what would really happen if there was a catastrophic collision in space. Did the filmmakers of the highly anticipated film "Gravity" get it rig... Ever wonder how ballet dancers can spin and spin and spin, but never seem to get dizzy? Neuroplasticity, that's how! Anthony explains how it works, and how you can use your brain in the same way.... Genetics company 23andMe was just granted a patent on technology that allows you to design a child in the same way you might a car or a house. Is this really the future of baby-making? And if so, i... A good night's sleep might do more for you than just clear your head, it help you to be a stronger, less fearful person! Guest host Annie Gaus explains how the process works.Read More: Fear mem... A full government shutdown is in effect here in the US. And it's having a pretty significant impact in the science world. Trace details that impact, and explains its potentially long-lasting effect... Algae- that sludge you find in lakes and dirty swimming pools is set to revolutionize how we power our lives! And we're not talking science fiction, this is science fact! Trace lists four ways alga... A giant island appears suddenly following a huge earthquake in Pakistan. Pretty wild, right? And now, the thing is emitting toxic, flammable gas! What's caused all this to happen? Annie Gaus explai... Anthony takes a minute to explain how friendly silver foxes (yes, the animal) are helping us answer why we think beautiful people are so great.Read More: Fetching Faces and Friendly Foxeshttp:/... Renewable energy will undoubtedly play a part in our future. But incorporating technologies like solar panels and wind energy into our outdated electrical grid is tough, and some say not worth the ... Is messiness really a sign of disorganisation or just pure creative genius? Admitted clutter-creator, Anthony, explains new research that shows a link between disorder and creativity.Read More: ... Good smells should make you happy, but that connection between certain smells and your state of mind is a tricky one. As Trace tells us, scientists are realizing they can use this connection to the... In this episode of DNews Screening Room, Laci reviews "(A)sexual," and discusses the very real orientation of experiencing no sexual desire or attraction whatsoever. Go to http://netflix.com/dnews ... Did you know the founder of the Nobel Peace Prize also invented dynamite? Trace discusses this and other fun facts about explosives with Tory Belleci, Mythbusters alum and host of a new show on Tes... Say an astronaut goes to Mars and picks up a scary Martian virus. Then what? Will he be doomed to a quarantined life in space, or is there a plan to handle this real-life horror movie plot? Trace e... Is there such a thing as a healthier french fry? Well the evil geniuses at Burger King have spent ten long years coming up with one. Guest host Annie Gaus explains the science behind the new, 'heal... It's one of the more popular myths out there: We only use 10% of our brain's power. Watch as Anthony finally puts this myth to rest.Read More: New survey finds Americans care about brain health,... They've found water on Mars... AGAIN! But we promise, this time it's different. Anthony explains why this is such a big deal.Proof of water on Mars by The Discovery Lists: http://www.youtube.com/... There are a bunch of myths out there about redheads: Are they really going extinct? Are they more prone to develop cancer? Trace has all those answers and more. Read More: Simultaneous purifyin... One of the hallmarks of autumn is the beautiful array of leaves changing color. But why do leaves change from green into reds, oranges, yellows, and browns in the first place? Trace has all the ans... Just like us human, sometimes animals need a drink after a tough day. And believe it or not, mother nature meets that need. From squirrels to monkeys, Laci Green shows the animals that like to get ... The winners of the 2013 Google Science Fair have been announced, and the prizes this year go to some truly amazing young scientists. Trace shows us the inventions they came up with, and introduces ... Ever wanted to completely forget a bad memory? Anthony reports on the discovery of a gene that could aid in memory extinction and bring to life a real Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Read... How does getting paid $18,000 for laying in bed sound? Well NASA's ready to pay up! Laci explains why they're willing to cut the check.Read More: Flat-out working: NASA to pay 18 grand for 70-d... Almost everything you buy from the grocery store has an expiration date. But don't believe them... they're lies! Laci explains what the so called "expiration date" really means.Read More: The Da... Turns out there is a scientific reason for why your parents don't like the guy or girl you bring home. Anthony explains.Read More: Why parents think your partner isn't good enoughhttp://www.eur... People LOVE buying organic. For some, it's about personal health, for others, it's about knowing their food was ethically raised. But what are you really getting when you buy something with that 'o... We've been to the Moon but we've barely scratched the surface of our own planet! Trace explains what it would take for humans to see into the center of the Earth and why we haven't yet made the tre... Watch more about barrel aging with Almanac Beer Co. on Brew Age! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsw_56Ysczc&list=UUe4q...Barrel-Aged beer is the hottest thing to hit beer in ages... Space is a rough place. It's freezing, there's no air.. and the weather is terrible! Trace explains what that 'weather' in space is doing to our satellites. Read More: 150 Years Ago: The Worst S... Robots play a bigger role in our lives than ever before. They build things for us, and even help keep our soldiers safe on the battlefield. But are we getting too attached? Anthony explores what ha... Laci Green sits down with PhillyD to talk... herpes! What it is, how to avoid getting it, and reports on news of a possible vaccine.Read More: CBCD Urges Caution in New Herpes Vaccine; Let's Lea... We've all dreamed of hitting the lotto-- going from broke to livin' large in a minute's time. But of course the chances are really small. How small? Laci looks at your chances of winning big. Rea... Arg! That's right me matey.. International Talk Like a Pirate Day is here again. So Trace set sail in search of buried treasure and an answer to why people speak differently around the world.Read... Go pretty much anywhere on the internet, and you you're likely to find a whole bunch of pissed off people. They're there on the comments to articles and videos and blowing up Twitter. Anthony expla... The CDC is sending out a serious warning about bacteria that is resistant to many strong antibiotics. And these strains of bacteria are spreading fast. Laci explains what's caused these bacteria to... Ever wonder why it's so hard to swat a fly? It's because they, and many other small animals see in slow motion and can use that info to react faster to a coming attack! Anthony explains how this wo... Anorexia is one of the most misunderstood physiological disorders out there. Laci Green explains what's really going on inside the mind of an anorexic and tells us why it can be such a hard illness... The debate between guns and violence has gone on for decades, but now a new study shows a link to not only violence, but deaths as well. Trace explains.Read More:New research shows link between ... There's a lot out there about violent video games.. but turns out most of it isn't true. Games like Grand Theft Auto do change the way the brain works, but it's quite possibly for the better! Antho... Is poop the future of green energy? Maybe! Trace explains this stinky solution to our power woes.Read More: Panda poop microbes could make biofuels of the future -- an updatehttp://www.eurekal... Does the order you're born in really affect the kind of person you grow up to be? Trace explains if there's really the impact people say there is.Read More: How Birth Order Affects Your Personal... Few diets are as difficult to follow as a vegan one. No animals or animal products period. It's simple in theory, but it presents a whole host of health concerns, as well practical ones. Laci has w... In this edition of DNews Screening Room, Trace reviews the Morgan Spurlock documentary "Mansome," and looks at the social pressure guys face to look a certain way. Go to http://netflix.com/dnews fo... Bill Nye is joining Dancing With The Stars! His secret to winning? Physics, of course! Anthony explains how good dancing is really just about the science.Read More: Bill Nye on Joining Dancing ... A powerful NASA telescope has found not one, but ten supermassive black holes. And it did so on accident! Trace explains what exactly black holes are and why the discovery is so awesome.Read More... Fear of spiders-- understandable. Being eaten by a shark? Sure. But holes? It's called trypophobia and as Trace tells us, for many people, the fear is real and it is strong. Read More: Fear of H... Scientists in Oregon have made a major leap towards curing HIV- one of the worst and most feared diseases humanity has ever faced. Anthony explains what they've achieved , and what their work might... Scientists believe they've discovered the largest volcano on Earth! But it's not the biggest one out there. Trace looks at the greatest volcanoes in our Solar System. Read More:Underwater volcan... You've probably seen more and more people puffing away at those electronic cigarettes lately. And as a concept they're great- smokers weaning themselves off of the real thing with this supposedly s... A new study suggests there's a link between a man's testicle size and his fatherhood skills. But is this really a case of cause & effect? Laci takes a critical look at the science.Read More: Tes... The BMI scale is something you hear about everywhere- the gym, your doctor's office, the health food store. It's supposed to be an easy way to gauge your health.. except for a small fact: BMI score... Fingerprint scanners-- they're perhaps the most significant security feature to ever be put on a cell phone. How do they work and are they really as safe as they sound? Anthony has the answers.Re... Seeing with your eyes is sooo old school.. echolocation is where it's at! This super useful form of sight allows animals like dolphins and bats to navigate all kinds of places. So how did these ani... Text messaging has taken a decidedly dirty turn with the growing popularity of sexting. And it's more than married politicians doing it. New research shows it's becoming popular amongst adults, but... The US Air Force's Collaboratory is at it again! This time joining with leading universities to design next-gen rescue robots. Trace gives us a peek at robots that might save your life one day.Re... Gossip is something that's been around for ages- it's even talked about in the Bible! Trace explains how gossip and rumor have plain an important role on human evolution and its impact on society.... Turns out whales like to spend time under the sun a little color too. But just like some people, some whales are getting way too much sun, and it's causing them serious problems. Anthony discusses ... We all know Yelp can be a super helpful tool when deciding to give your money to certain businesses. Laci looks at the impacts- both good and bad- sites like Yelp have. Read More: New Study Rein... We all know lying is bad.. but sometimes, certain situations give you no other option. Anthony has some tips on how to make that lie more convincing than any other.Read More: Intricacies of Lyi... Need fast internet? Go to space! That's right-- Nasa is about to launch super fast, laser-powered wifi off planet. Trace explains what the speedy connection will be used for.Read More: How Fast... Getting up for school was never an easy task. And for teens who need extra sleep, that's especially true. Laci reports on the science that argues all teens should be allowed to hit snooze and sleep... Tattoos are perhaps the ultimate form of self expression. Once done, they're basically with you for good. But does that ink doom you to life of being judged? Some studies say yes! Anthony looks at ... "You need to BACK OFF!" Ever had that thought when someone came a step too close for comfort? Well, you're not alone of course. Trace explains how our personal space works.Read More:Attitudes wi... Have you ever been accused of unintentionally ignoring your boyfriend or girlfriend? Well don't take the blame, it's science's fault! Anthony explains.Read More: Your Spouse's Voice Is Easier to... Elliott Morgan from SourceFed comes back to DNews and talks with Anthony about just how terrifying (and awesome) squid and octopi are.Read More: First Footage of Deep-Sea Squid Solves Mystery o... Would it surprise you the fruit in an all-American apple pie, isn't actually American at all. It actually originates from parts of Asia! The same goes for so much of the fruit and vegetables we eat... Some people are just that pessimistic, unhappy type of person determined to dog on... pretty much anything. Laci explains the science of why haters are just gonna hate.Read More:Why do haters h... There are some foods out there that seem as though they'll burn a hole through your tongue. What's spicy food got that causes such a reaction? And why does it make you sweat? Trace explains how spi... Folklore says there's no man manlier than Paul Bunyan. And they're right. Turns out chopping down trees produces a particularly interesting biological reaction in men. Trace explains.Read More: ... Scientists have made another huge stem cell breakthrough. This time growing a human brain tissue in a lab! Laci explains how this work might revolutionize treatment for currently untreatable condit... In this episode of the DNews Screening room, Anthony reviews "Surviving Progress." Martin Scorsese executively produced this documentary about how the future of humanity hinges upon our ability to ... SourceFed's Elliott Morgan swings by DNews to discuss with longtime vegetarian Anthony the wide wonderful world of bacon. Read More: Bring home the bacon for International Bacon Dayhttp://www.t... Anthony sits down and talks with a person ready to leave planet Earth forever. Radford Uchihara has applied to be among the first humans to set foot on Mars as part of the Mars One program. He tell... Hurricane Season is here, and for active storm seasons that mean hearing the names of so many systems whipping their ways across the world's oceans. But where do these names come from? And how do n... To the dismay of high school students everywhere, yet another element has been discovered and added to the ever-growing periodic table. Trace shows us what goes into discovering a new element and h... 2013 has been an especially bad year for forest fires in America's West. The Rim Fire has spread into Yosemite, one of the most cherished national parks and has done untold damage to a huge swath o... "Can't Buy Me Love," but what about happiness? Is there an ideal amount of money that a person can earn to live a perfectly satisfying life? Turns out yes. Anthony shows us what a satisfying life r... We've all had insects smash into our windshield when driving. Gross, yes, but it's not a major problem. But for the airlines.. it is! They're losing tons of money! Trace explains how tiny bugs can ... Honey is awesome, and we're not talkin' just the taste. It can do things no other food can do! Anthony dishes on this magical golden treat.Read More: The Science Behind Honey's Eternal Shelf Lif... Making the switch to the Metric System has been talked about for decades in the US... but nothing's ever come of all that talk. Trace explains why it's so much better and why we should take the met... Midwives are making a comeback! And it's not just some alternative, hippie medicine--science loves midwives too! Laci shares some amazing research on this ancient practice that could mean great thi... Schizophrenia is one of the most complex and least understood of all psychological disorders. But now scientists have found a switch of sorts that could change everything. Read More:Schizophreni... Illegal downloading of music was just the first step. Now it's everything from movies, to books, TV shows and computer software. And a recent study confirms: there's no stopping illegal downloads. ... Us modern-day humans require a lot of food to keep us going, and we're craving more than ever. But as the world population continues its inevitable march upwards, the question must be asked: What h... By now, you've probably seen the story about the boy in China who claims to see in the dark. It's a far fetched claim, but it got Laci thinking... if so many animals can see in the dark, why can't ... Researchers have created a real life exercise pill! That's right, pop a pill and get ripped! It's doing amazing things for mice right now. Anthony explains how it works and if it's likely to end up... There are few jobs cooler than being an astronaut. And now is a better time than ever to get a job in the space industry! Anthony shows you some truly out-of-this-world gigs.Read More: The 4 Wei... Ever known someone to sleepwalk? Or maybe it's even happened to you. Laci looks at why some people walk in their sleep, and puts to rest the question: is it safe to wake a sleepwalker?Read More: ... As the 2013 NFL season ramps up, more attention than ever before will be on the players' safety. Trace shows us what happens to the player's brains during those hard tackles and what's being done t... A small study suggests there may be a biological marker for those who think about or try to commit suicide. Anthony explains this crazy, controversial claim and what it could mean for the way we tr... You've probably seen someone yawn and felt compelled to take a deep inhale and exhale yourself. Yes, yawning is contagious, but why do we actually do it in the first place? Trace takes a look at th... There's a dangerous single celled amoeba lurking in lakes across the country that can literally eat your brain! And this year, there's been an unusually high number of cases of people infected. Tra... Are you a dummy for believing in God? There's a new study out whose authors claim to have found a correlation between religion and a lower IQ. Trace looks at the science behind their claims.Read ... Parents, students, and school officials have been fighting for-and against- school uniforms for years now. So as the 2013 school year begins, Anthony seeks an answer once and for all: do school uni... Is it true that some people are more 'right brained' or 'left brained?' Certainly some people are more creative and free-thinking, while others are more logic oriented. But is this really a result ... Pot has been blamed for years as a gateway to doing harder drugs. But new data suggests not only is this blame misappropriated, there's actually another more accessible and damaging culprit out th... We all know the mind is capable of great things. We may not be able to bend a spoon with just our brain, but new research is showing that it may be capable of more than we think.Read More: Your... No one truly knows what happens when we die, but chances are you've heard about the 'white light' that people sometimes see when they've had a near death experience. So is that evidence of an after... Flying around like The Rocketeer has long been a dream of mankind. And now, that dream is closer than ever to coming true after the first of a number of jetpacks have been formally approved for fli... In this edition of the DNews Screening Room, Laci reviews the award-winning documentary 'Gasland', which provides an inside look at the rise and impact of hydraulic fracking in the US.Gasland Mov... So say humans actually step foot on the Red Planet, what will those space pioneers eat once they're there? Anthony gives us a taste of what a Martian diet might consist of.Read More: More Than ... Think you're an especially generous person? You're not! You're as selfish as everyone else-- according to new research, anyway. Anthony explains the subconscious motivations behind why we give.R... There's nothing like a good nap. But it's a fine line between a good one, and a nap that leaves you all groggy and out of it. Laci breaks down what's going on inside your brain when you go down for... More goes into making Ouija Boards move than you might think. Scientists are now saying this fabled link to the "other side" is really just driven by the players' subconscious. Laci explains.Read... Elon Musk's Hyperloop is one step closer to reality after the Tony Stark-esque entrepreneur finally released plans for his super fast transit system. Trace shares the exciting details and compares ... Robots are getting crazy advanced! But would you trust one to draw your blood? Trace sits down with Annie Gaus from TechFeed News to discuss the wildest robots out there. Read More: Hiroshi Ish... Women: does your desire to have kids make you dumb? A study out of the London School of Economics claims to have found a correlation between the urge to have kids and a lower IQ score. Laci looks a... Most of humanity's great inventions and ideas were born from not just one mind, but from group thinking. Trace shows some of the most important creations made this way and tells us about the U.S. A... You'd think being selfish would help a species survive... but you'd be wrong! Turns out not only is it important to be generous, our species' survival depends on it! Laci explains why.Read More: ... People toss around the word phobia a lot...but what separates a fear from a legitimate phobia? Trace expounds some of the weirdest and most common fears and phobias.Read More: The History and Ps... Tipping can be a touchy topic. And it's a great power we wield when eating out: give us good service, or get a bad tip. Laci explains how this power trip works and the psychology behind tipping.R... Nature is about to put on a big show... the annual Perseid Meteor Shower! Trace chats with Discovery News space whiz Dr. Ian O'Neill to find out what they're all about, and where and when you can g... Ok, don't freak, but the the sun is flipping out! Scientists are spreading the word that it's about to undergo a complete polar reversal that will be felt throughout our solar system. Laci explains... Identical twins are a rare biological glitch that may just help advance science! Having two people with identical DNA gives researchers an incredible opportunity to test a variety of things from ne... The National Aquarium in Baltimore, MD has just unveiled one of its most spectacular exhibits ever: Blacktip Reef. This new state of the art exhibit is now home to 20 stunning sharks. What does it ... Add it to the list of things that are bad for you... milk! Turns out this staple of western diets, is not something humans aren't really designed to consume. And all those health claims on TV? Not... Plane turbulence could soon be a thing of the past! There's a new laser-based system being tested right now that could detect turbulence in a plane's path long before the first drink hits the floor... What happens when a nefarious bug threatens valuable California citrus crops? Unleash a swarm of foreign parasitic wasps to kick the little bug's butt! Trace explains how this is gonna work, and te... It's the newest food fad out there: gluten free. Trace explains what gluten is and if there's any actual science behind all this anti-gluten rhetoric.Read More: Gluten-Free: Is it a Fad, or a He... Sharks are built to be the perfect killers, swimmers, and survivors. And we lowly humans are finally realizing the genius of their design. And their skin is particularly amazing. Anthony shows us w... Sometimes scientific discoveries happen quickly, and other times, it takes a while... a looooong while. Trace talks about the world's longest running laboratory experiment, and shows us some others... Laci shares a few insider tips on what to do in the event of a shark attack. They may be the apex predators of the sea, but at least now you'll have some defense tricks up your sleeve. Read More:... Geysers are more than just pretty eruptions of water and steam-- they're complicated geologic events. But how do they work? We thought we knew, but turns out we had it all wrong.Read More:How G... So many things you think you know about sharks are WRONG! Anthony and Laci team up to debunk three common myths about these toothy predators.Read More: Sharks and Cancerhttps://www.sharksavers... Why when something weird or unexplained happens do we immediately blame aliens?! From crop circles, missing persons, even animal mutilations--ET's been blamed for 'em all! Trace explores why we're ... 3D is all the rage now, but holograms are really where it's at! The technology is advancing at a super fast rate, and according to some, it's only a matter of time before things like Star Trek's ho... Forget electric cars, teleportation is the real transportation of the future! OK, that might be a stretch, but scientists actually have had some luck making this sci-fi fantasy a reality... sort o... In our debut episode of the DNews Screening Room, Trace gives us his review of the acclaimed documentary "Chasing Ice."For a month of free Netflix instant streaming, go to:netflix.com/dnewsWat... Besides helping you to commune with nature, camping can help to reset your sleep cycle! Trace tells us the details of a new study that will send every insomniac heading for the woods.Read More: ... According to one ecologist, parasites might be the most common form of life on earth. How gross is that?! Trace looks at what these little creatures are doing to our bodies, and how they may not be... Lucid dreaming is a dream where you're in control. Want to win the lottery, fly faster than Superman-- done and done! Anthony is a lucid dreamer himself and he explains how lucid dreaming works, an... You'd think peaceful country living would do wonders for your health. No pollution, less violence, seems like the obvious way to go, right? But it isn't so cut and dry. Trace looks at risks, and l... People sometimes use certain "props" to spice up their sex lives, but a new study shows that nearly 1 of 10 people actually use their smartphone when having sex! 1 out of 10! Anthony sits down with... Veronica Belmont from "Fact or Fictional" joins Anthony to talk about implanting false memories. Is it possible, or will it forever be a thing of science fiction?Read More: Mice "incepted" with ... Oxytocin (aka the Love Hormone) is supposed to make you feel all warm and cuddly. But according to new research, it's also to blame for much deeper and darker feelings. Laci explains this two-faced... Are psychopaths' brains hardwired to be emotionless? SourceFed's Lee Newton joins Anthony to talk about a new study that show how they might have the ability to feel empathy after all.Read More: ... Sourcefed host Lee Newton joins Anthony to talk how the full moon might be to blame for your sleepless nights.Read More: Don't Blame Your Lousy Night's Sleep On The Moon  Yethttp://www.npr.or... Turns out money DOES change a person--and not for the better. Looking at the results of a new study, Laci explains just how awful people can be when they've got cash-filled pockets.Read More: Hi... We all know cigarette smoke is bad. But we're learning that public smoking bans may not be enough to prevent exposure to those toxic fumes. Trace explores how far public smoking bans would have to ... Allergies are perhaps the most unpleasant part of spring and summer... but they could all be coming to an end! Anthony explains.Read More: Johns Hopkins researchers reveal genetic glitch at the ... Turns out our pee is chock full of cool stuff. We're talkin' information about our health, and even little bits of rocket fuel! Trace has the details.Read More:Weird Microbe Turns Pee into Rock... "The Wolverine" is one of the biggest movies to hit theaters this summer. And along with his super healing powers, it's Wolverine's Adamantium skeleton and claws that makes him such a wicked superh... SourceFed's Lee Newton stops by DNews to talk about an amazing scientific achievement. Scientists have managed to not only slow down light photons, but stop and hold them in place for a full minute... It's a common belief that when we're feeling down or stressed, we reach for comfort (or some might say junk) foods to help us feel better. But does stress really make us crave the bad stuff? Laci t... We all know atomic clocks keep the most accurate time of any clock out there-- but our idea of time is about to get a whole lot more precise. It's called an optical lattice clock, and trust us, it'... Let's talk farts. We all do it, but who does it more, men or women? And whose is stinkier? Anthony sits down with Cristen Conger from "Stuff Mom Never Told You" to trade stories, and share the the ... Everyone has different preferences when it comes to food, but why is that? Why the variation? As Anthony tells us, it's all down to something called papillae.Read More: FYI: Why Does Some Food T... Newly released transportation concepts promise to move us around at unheard of speeds and in ways our great-grandparents didn't even dream about. Trace shows us the most amazing concepts and detail... Amnesia is best known for its use as a plot twist in soap operas, but it's a real disorder! The most recent headline-worthy case surrounds Michael Boatwright, who woke up in an ER with no memory of... It's long been said that cranberries can help treat urinary tract infections. But is there any actual science to back up these claims? Laci takes a look.Read More: How cranberries impact infecti... It's called Ki-Breath, and it promises to revolutionize the treatment of Cystic Fibrosis in children. It's a video game that's not only fun to play, but can increase the lifespan of people with thi... Sound waves are all around us, and when harnessed, can do some super cool things. Trace looks at a few ways we're using the power of sound waves to our advantage. Read More: Sound Waves Levitate... Hearing aids as we know them are about to take a technological leap forward thanks to a new system devised by students from Argentina. Anthony shows us what how their invention works and how it mig... If we listen to music for enjoyment, why do we like sad songs? Trace looks at how even the darkest of songs can give our spirits a lift.Read More: Why Do We Enjoy Listening to Sad Music?http://... The Imagine Cup team from Singapore came to the show packin' heat! Using XBox's Kinect and a smartphone app, they've devised a way to make soldiers hit targets with unparalleled precision. Anthony ... Math and Science majors are pretty popular choices for incoming college students, but that popularity fades pretty quick. New research shows students quickly change majors when they realize they're... Every year firefighters are killed after becoming disoriented inside burning buildings. But with a new invention created by students in Belgium, that may be a tragedy of the past. Anthony shows us ... Trace and Laci join up to show us their favorite videos from this week-- including a wicked thresher shark exhibiting never-before-seen behavior, and a very cute duck with a new leg up in the world... It's an app that could revolutionize malaria diagnoses.. and it was designed not by a big corporation, but by three students from Uganda. Anthony heads to the Imagine Cup in St. Petersburg, Russia ... Scientists have promised that gene therapy will be the next big leap for medicine. It's a term that's tossed about regularly, but what is it exactly? Trace shows us how scientists can change your v... Despite it being 2013, race, unfortunately is still very much an issue in this world. And these racial issues impact people more than just on a social level... as Laci Green tells us, it can actual... Does time really fly when you're having fun or is that just another senseless saying? Well, it turns out there's actual science behind the idea! Laci shows us how our perception of time changes... ... Click here to see the latest news on drugs and the science behind it! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AeLLRfonwPE&list=PL6uC...DNews is dedicated to satisfying your curio... For centuries, humans have been modifying their bodies in all kinds of ways, particularly piercing. Trace looks at why humans have such a long history of augmenting our bodies with these and other ... It's called "fat talk." You've probably heard it before when women talk negatively about their bodies. Well turns out this talk has a pretty significant impact. Laci tells all you ladies out there ... We humans like our traditions. Each of our many cultures do very specific things at weddings, funerals, and at other pivotal times in our lives. Trace takes a look why.Read More: Earliest Eviden... Terminator robots are REAL!!! Well, kind of. Boston Dynamics has unveiled their most advanced humanoid robot yet, Atlas. Be afraid. Be very afraid.Read More: DARPA'S ATLAS ROBOT UNVEILEDwww.da... Pyramids are one of the wonders of the world. But why were they built, and why did humans stop building them? Trace answers these questions and looks at some of the most amazing pyramids from South... Imagine having a three day weekend, every weekend. Sounds good, eh? Well that's becoming the reality for many workers around the globe as scientists, governments, and companies realize the benefit ... Ritalin or Adderall are often prescribed to treat ADHD, now the most common childhood mental disorder in the US. But is the medication actually making things worse? Are there other ways to treat h... No joke, there's a new plan to beam ads directly into the heads of unsuspecting train passengers! Anthony shows us their plan and whether subliminal advertising really works.Read More: Sky Deuts... Hawk Moths have sonar-blocking genitals and bees are electrically charged! But that's not all the superpowers insects possess. Anthony goes down his list of the top hidden skills insects have that'... Nikola Tesla was one amazing inventor. More than 100 years later, his visionary work remains essential today for life as we know it. Trace shows us some of his best inventions, and proves why he's ... Fasting is common in certain religions, but today more people are trying to use it as a way to lose weight. But what's happening to the body & brain when you deprive them of food? Trace shows us wh... Everyone knows exercise is good for your health, but new studies show it does more than flatten those abs-- it physically alters your brain to better handle stress! Anthony shows us this hidden, an... Fact: Anything with MSG in it just tastes better. But for years we've been told how awful it is for us and to steer clear of any foods that use it. So what is MSG anyway and is it actually bad for ... Having a pet can really cheer a person up, but it can also have a much deeper impact than you might realize. Laci explains.Are you a pet owner? Tell us how they help you in the comments!And plea... Wind power is one of the greenest forms of energy, though it's hardly the most reliable. But scientists think they've got a solution for this problem. Trace shows us an amazing new energy storage m... Why are teens the most intensely self-conscious group out there? Turns out there's an actual biological reason in the brain for this behavior! Laci shows us what's going on in their heads during th... There's a reason you just HAD to buy that new tech gadget you didn't really need. Anthony shows us the science behind the things we love.Learn More: Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex Encodes Emotio... Just a few short years ago, cursive was something all kids were taught in schools. Not anymore! In many parts of the country, cursive is becoming a dead relic of the past. But Laci shows us why edu... When learning a second language, don't think about home; don't even think about your friends or family. Trace explains why.Read More: Trying to Learn a Foreign Language? Avoid Reminders of Home... You can add two more people to the growing list of those possibly cured of HIV! Two more HIV patients who received a very special type of donor bone marrow are showing no sign of the disease. Antho... It's one of the hallmarks of summer-- barbecue! Trace, along with Leisure & Summertime Correspondent Will Johnson, talk to to some of the best barbecuers in the country to find out the science behi... They're the biggest- and loudest- part of America's Independence Day celebrations: Fireworks! Anthony shows us how where they came from and what makes 'em go "BOOM!"Read More: How Fireworks Wor... Surely you've seen videos of so-called UFOs. For some this is proof of alien life, while others aren't so sure. So for World UFO Day 2013, Anthony lays out all the evidence, runs the numbers, and a... Many of the most commonly eaten and loved foods are actually poisonous! Trace has a list of some of our favorites.Read More:Tomatoes' Genetic History from Wild to Saladhttp://news.discovery.com... The UK is paving the way for a special in vitro fertilization process that gives one baby DNA from three parents. It's an incredible advancement that can eliminate terrible diseases, but for some i... Celebrities are worshiped worldwide. They're chased by paparazzi, websites, TV shows, and magazines are dedicated to following their every move. But Laci wonders: What's the fascination? The reason... Migraines suck. And according to new research, that terrible, debilitating pain might be one more thing you can blame on your parents.Read More: Genome-wide Meta-Analysis Identifies New Suscepti... According to some studies, a whopping third of Americans believe in ghosts. So Laci Green decided it's time to look at the shaky science behind the paranormal. And what she finds might just explain... Throwing is one of the most basic human activities. It can be both useful and fun. But as Trace tells us, for early humans, the act of throwing meant surviving.Read More: The Evolution of Thr... Scientists have made a major advancement in the world of cloning-- creating hundreds of identical mice from a single drop of blood. The implications are pretty big. Why? Anthony Carboni as the answ... Summer love. Is that really a thing, or just a nice thought? With the help of technology, Laci looks at at the myth you're more likely to begin a new relationship under the hot summer sun.Read Mo... Live DNews Q&A!2:44 - Is it bad to sit all day at your job?4:54 - Trace what was your favorite subject in high school?6:16 - Is the DNews office near Rev3?7:32 - What are you thoughs on the ne... Is using technology to better ourselves just a natural part of our evolution? Are we all already cyborgs? Anthony sits down with futurist Jason Silva to discuss the amazing things happening with hu... Stinky breath is, unfortunately, a part of life... but it doesn't have to be! Laci explores the roots of bad breath and the ways we can limit our oral stink.Join your DNews hosts +Anthony Carboni... You just wiped out in front of a big crush. Your face goes bright red. You can't fight it. Why do we blush like this? Trace takes a look at how our bodies visually process our emotions.Check out ... If there's one thing that we know, is that pollution is bad... Or is it? New research shows that even this planet-destroying byproduct of human growth has a silver lining. Anthony shows us what it ... The future of computing might just come from... slime molds! Turns out these uber smart, super weird molds can do things that even our most advanced computers can't handle. Anthony explains why the... Click here to see the latest videos about robot news, science, and more! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuNPYq5feYE&list=PL6uC...DNews is dedicated to satisfying your cu... There are certain strange smells that always seem to get us--old books, summer rain, gasoline....?! While they can be attached to fond memories, there's more going on here. Trace breaks down the in... Join your DNews hosts Anthony Carboni, Laci Green, and Trace Dominguez in another LIVE Hangout Q&A! Prepare your best questions and start submitting them right here on the event page now, then get ... Scientists have figured out a way to actually control a live cockroach. This sort of "brain tapping" into an autonomous animal has triggered a huge ethical debate, leading Trace to ask: are we goin... Bullying is not just a problem in schools. As Laci tell us, for some kids, some of the most dangerous bullies aren't classmates, but siblings. Join your DNews hosts +Anthony Carboni, +Laci Green,... Heroes and psychopaths-- they're two groups of people that should have nothing in common. But as Laci shows us, they've actually got more in common than you'd imagine possible. Join your DNews ho... Summer's here and that means many of us in the Northern hemisphere are sweating a whole lot in this heat! But if you think you know everything about perspiration, think again! As Trace tells us, s... The American Medical Association has chosen to classify obesity as a disease. This means 90 million people in the US now have a "disease," when just a few days ago, they did not. But as Laci tells ... Join your DNews hosts +Anthony Carboni, +Laci Green, and +Trace Dominguez in another LIVE Hangout Q&A! Prepare your best questions and start submitting them right here on the event page now, then g... People living in big cities have a lot in common with... the inside of a star? Sounds crazy, but it actually makes sense. Anthony explains this radical new way to look at life in the world's busie... Scientists are getting a better than ever look inside the human brain. Sure they've had fMRI's for a while and they're great, but it's nothing when compared to what's coming out of Europe's Big Bra... Say the world was actually taken over by vicious zombies, World War Z style. What would an actual government response to an apocalypse look like? Anthony fights his way through imaginary an undead ... Nik Wallenda is going to tightrope walk across the Grand Canyon this Sunday! So how will he do it? What sort of tips, tricks, and equipment will he use to complete the feat successfully? Join Antho... Global suicide rates are rising. In order to understand what's going on, and how best to prevent this trend from continuing, Laci examines the underlying factors that lead people to take their own ... Baby talk seems like it's gibberish, but it's actually far more advanced than we thought. Trace looks at what all that noise might really mean.Read More: From the Mouths of Babes: Toddlers' Spee... Everyone's personality is different- some like constant interaction with others, while other prefer a more solitary, reflective existence. And it turns out, this behavior goes beyond personality, b... When it comes to those so-called 'beer bellies,' is beer really to blame or is it something else? Laci finds out.Read More:Beer Bellies Are a Mythhttp://newsfeed.time.com/2013/06/13/beer-bellie... Fitness Trackers are the hottest new gadgets--keeping tabs on every movement you make in the hopes of helping you get fit. But do they really help you achieve this goal or are they just money down ... Summer's here and with it comes more time outdoors. But be warned: some of those newly sprouted plants are out to get you! Namely, Poison Ivy! Trace shows us what makes this plant one of the wicked... Religion is a touchy topic within the scientific community. Science, meanwhile, can be just as sensitive a topic within some religious communities. Are there times when the two overlap? When ferven... Few things are as creepy as turning around to find someone staring at you. As Trace tells us: that creepy feeling is actually hardwired into our brains!Read More: Think someone's staring at you?... Many of the things you think you know about animals are wrong! Anthony goes down his list of favorite animal myths.Read More:Spider silk is a wonder of nature, but it's not stronger than steelh... Daredevils-- from walking a tightrope hundreds of feet up, to skydiving from the very edge of our atmosphere-- they're as brave as they get. But every now and then, things go very wrong. Trace take... In honor of Father's Day, Trace taking some time to salute the greatest dads in the animal kingdom. Read More: Bird Brothers, Coached by Dad, Form Singing Duohttp://news.discovery.com/animals/p... Circadian Rhythms-- It's a fancy name for our body's internal clock. And like it not, they dictate so much of what we do and how we feel. Anthony looks at why we have them and how they work.Read ... "The Last of Us" is easily one of the most talked about and critically acclaimed video games in a long time. The premise is a mind-controlling fungus that infects the world's population, turning hu... Chris Hadfield, the man who sang to us and broke down what life is like from space, is retiring! In honor of him, Laci recounts some of her favorite moments from the beloved ISS commander, space-mu... Ever seen a bird penis? Chances are you haven't, because most birds don't have 'em! However, it wasn't always this way... so what happened?! Anthony finds out. Read More:Developmental Basis of P... France is famous for its wine, and for good reason... they've been making wine longer than anyone else! Newly discovered artifacts show it was being made as far back as 425 B.C! So what exactly did... Fact: If you discover a new species, you get to name it. And instead of naming these new species after themselves, many scientists have taken to the tabloids in search of inspiration. Anthony goes ... Meditation certainly helps to calm the nerves. But can that calm translate to actual, measurable healing? Laci looks at whether meditation is real medicine.Read More:Regulation of the Neural Cir... When it comes to species extinction, it's not all doom and gloom. Trace looks at three animals, once on the brink of extinction, that are making a comeback!Read More:Rediscovered Hula painted fr... The stars are a beautiful thing to look at, but they can also make some beautiful sounds... with the help of scientists that is. Anthony gives us a listen to an interstellar orchestra.Read More:... As those living in America's heartland have long known- tornados are not a force to be reckoned with, or are they? Trace looks at whether drastic measures actually stop a killer tornado in it's tra... Tomorrow is World Oceans Day. Anthony looks at the dire state of perhaps the most interesting and diverse part of our planet.Read More:World Oceans Dayhttp://worldoceansday.org/A Scary Report... A huge triceratops skeleton was found in Wyoming! But now researchers are saying it's not a triceratops--that dinosaur never existed. And this isn't the first time for this to happen! Trace has al... Electric cars are billed as a solution to the Earth's pollution problem. But as Anthony shows us, the majority of pollution actually comes from places you'd least expect.Read More:Exhaust fumes ... It's called epigenetics and according to new research, it can influence everything from a human's weight to a small animal's propensity to fall in love. And as Anthony tells us, small life changes ... We need gravity: it anchors us. But the gravity we experience on earth is very different from the gravity on the moon, and both, it turns out, can fluctuate due to a number of things! Looking at ... The DNews team saw all kinds of innovative technologies at Maker Faire this year, including the new fully electric version of Toyota's RAV4 SUV. Anthony talks to Toyota executive program manager, S... It would make the ultimate cell phone screen-- one that self-heals if broken. It's not as crazy as it sounds and it hardly ends there! Anthony shows us some of the other amazing self-healing produc... There's a whole lot about the human body that harks back to a time where we were a lot more primitive. We're talking tails, extra organs, and that's just the beginning. Trace breaks down some of t... Caffeine is one of the oldest and most common drugs around. Whether it be coffee, tea, energy drinks, or chocolate--most of us turn to it for an extra boost. But could that extra jolt be less than ... Some studies say men and women are hardwired differently; others refute such claims, blaming socialization. What's going on?! Anthony and Laci explore the research and delve into debate in an updat... GMO foods are a big point of contention these days. Worldwide protests, Supreme Court rulings, and online campaigns-- it's safe to say the issue isn't leaving the headlines any time soon. But as GM... Viagra for guys is a hit, but what about the ladies?! A company called "Emotional Brain" has had some significant success with a new drug they're calling "Lybrido." Laci looks at what it is and wha... Venezuela is using too much toilet paper and now they're running out of the stuff! With so much waste and not enough resources to replenish our supply, Trace looks at the myriad of ways we produce ... There are people who are alive, but who are convinced they are dead. It's called Cotard Syndrome and it's one of the most bizarre and intriguing disorders we've ever heard of. Laci details what's g... It's a sci-fi film, but could our future resemble Will and Jaden Smith's in 'After Earth'? Trace interviews biologist and author, Dr. Joe Levine, about what made life uninhabitable for humans in ... We know some animals have better eyesight than us lowly humans, but as Anthony tells us, it's not just cats who see well in the dark. In fact, they've gone nothing on a whole host of other amazing ... There's so much diet and nutrition BS out there that it can be hard to figure out what to actually eat! Laci takes a hard look at several diet myths to decipher how best we can be healthy. Read M... Money. We all want it and we all need it. But why do we use it in the first place? Trace looks at the history of currency, new and old! Read More:Some Canadians Claim New Currency Smells Like Ma... The World Health Organization has declared a new strain of coronavirus a global threat after it claimed one more life this week. What is this new virus, how has it spread, and what can we do about ... Scientists have long pondered how exactly life began here on Earth. Now, new research sheds light on Earth's creation, and the findings are not what you'd expect!Read More:RNA Was a Key Ingredie... For years, white tigers have been inbred with one another to maintain their regal, milky coats. It's an unsustainable practice that causes a host of problems. So is there a safe way to keep the Whi... Lie detectors are a pretty cool sounding idea. But how valid are the results they produce? Should they be used more often, or sent to the junkyard? Laci looks for an honest, scientific answer.Rea... Stem cells have produced another scientific "miracle"-- This time allowing a blind man to see with nearly perfect vision. Laci shows us the amazing procedure that has forever changed one man's life... Did neanderthals go extinct because they were hunted and eaten by early humans? It's a grizzly, but possible explanation for their demise. Trace shows us the evidence.Read More:Neanderthals: Ext... Three planets of our solar system are preparing to do a rare, celestial dance that you'll actually be able to see from your house! Anthony tells us what's going on, and how to catch a glimpse.Rea... Imagine breathing underwater, mermaid-style. It's actually possible! Anthony shows us the promising world of breathable liquids.Read More:Injectable Oxygen Keeps People Alive Without Breathing... Scientists are finding more evidence that there are parallel universes-- parallel, but different to our own. Remember that show "Sliders?" Like that... Kind of. Trace breaks down what this could m... David Neevel hates oreo filling. So he built a machine to carefully remove all traces of the white fluff from the iconic cookie. He's also built an email-sending guitar. Anthony meets this inventiv... Brain freeze- that feeling you get when you scarf down ice cream too fast or chug an Icee with too much gusto. What are they exactly, and why do they happen? Anthony finds out.Read More:Neurosc... Weight discrimination is a widespread issue, and now a new study reveals that even doctors are guilty of it. How does this affect patient care and is anything being done about it? Laci finds out.... Meet Bartendro, your robotic mixologist here to make you a stiff one. At Maker Faire 2013, Anthony chats with one of the creators of this sweet cocktail dispensing robot.Check out Party Robotics!... Subscribe For More DNews:http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzWQYUVCpZqtN93H8RR44Qw?s...DNews is dedicated to satisfying your curiosity and to bringing you mind-bending stories and pe... The military is training all kinds of animals to help it do some of its most dangerous tasks-- we're talking dolphins, rats, and even bees! Anthony shows us how these amazing animals are making thi... At Maker Faire Anthony channels his inner musician with the gTar, a digital guitar that anybody can play! Check it out!See More of the GTar Here:gTar: The First Guitar That Anybody Can Playhttp... Medical marijuana is a hot topic in the US. Pot activists are constantly battling the government to allow for the use of weed to cure or treat illness. But what is the scientific community's take o... Anthony heads to Maker Faire and checks out one of the coolest things on the water. It's called the Oru Kayak and it's totally awesome!__________Watch more DNews at Maker Faire 2013 here:On You... A Romanian teen is giving Google a run for it's money by inventing an affordable self-driving car. The invention has already won him a major prize from Intel. Anthony looks at how a lone teenager i... The giant tornado that tore through Moore, Oklahoma is already being called one of the more destructive tornadoes in US history. Anthony looks at how massive twisters like this form and what more w... A real life ray gun, once reserved for the military only could be in the hands of local police soon. Anthony has why this is both awesome, and potentially scary.Read More:Handheld Version Of Mi... Just a quick jolt to the brain and then you're a math wizard? It sounds too good to be true, but new research suggests electric shocks may actually help! Anthony weighs in on the latest effort to i... Whoops. Someone put Anthony in control of a 30-foot tall robot hand with the ability to lift and crush 2000 pounds. The Hand of Man is controlled with a glove that sends commands to the hydraulic... Why in the world are people ticklish? And why does it make us laugh so hard? Anthony explores the evolutionary roots of our ticklishness.Read More:Tickles Trigger Different Area Of The Brain Th... The Undersea Voyager Project is bringing ocean exploration to EVERYONE. The non-profit organization built a submersible in a garage and wants to give anyone with an idea for an undersea research pr... ArcAttack plays Tesla Coils like 3rd-graders play plastic recorders. Each 500,000 volt tower can be programmed to play any song live while someone sits in a Farraday cage rocking out.Anthony jump... Passwords are sooo 1995. With today's technology there are some seriously wicked new ways to secure your life. Scott Bromley from Tech Feed News joins Trace to take a look.Check Out Tech Feed: yo... New research shows our DNA is absolutely loaded with... NOTHING. 98 percent of our DNA plays no role in our development. But as Trace learns, the findings may not be so black and white.Read More... Anthony, Laci, and Trace join together and answer your questions and respond to your comments!Bacteria Can Change Your Personalityhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lKKZQfwzWAM&list=UUzWQ...... Regrowing teeth would solve so many problems! Many animals are able to, so why not humans? Anthony takes a look at how scientists are trying to change this.Read More: Alligators Can Grow New Te... 3D scanners are enabling us to see all kinds of things we've never dreamed of witnessing before. And as Trace and Anthony show us, it's only going to get more amazing in the coming years.Read Mor... Scientists have cloned a human embryo, and from those clones, extracted stem cells. It's a first that could transform medicine. But as Anthony tells us, the ongoing battle over stem cell research c... Sure the idea of a flying car SOUNDS brilliant, but would it really so cool? Trace and Anthony sit down and look at the flying cars out there today (yup, there are some!) and find out if life would... It seems inevitable that as the Earth's population rises, meat can't always come from animals--one day it'll have to be produced in other ways. Well that time has arrived. Researchers in the Nether... Now that astronaut and internet sensation Chris Hadfield is back on solid ground, he has some serious work to do. His time in space has changed his body in numerous ways. Trace explains why a zero ... Surgeons call them 'nevers' because they're mistakes they should NEVER make: like leaving things inside of you during surgery. But they do happen.. all the time! Laci looks at a few crazy incidents... Angelina Jolie has made the surprising announcement that she's undergone a double mastectomy. Doctors discovered she carries a gene mutation that dramatically increases her chances of getting breas... Much is made of a person's IQ score. But is there really anything to that number? Laci looks at what a high IQ really means, and why some say the test should be tossed in the trash.Read More:Do... Bee population around the world have collapsed. Now scientists are scrambling to find out why. Anthony has a list of the possible causes, and the threat this poses to food supplies worldwide.Read... Harry Potter has an invisibility cloak, so when will we? Well, sooner than you might think. Anthony looks at the many ways scientists are trying to help you disappear.Read More:Do-It-Yourself ... That steak is some good eating! But for all the animal parts we do eat, there is a whole lotta stuff we don't. Trace recounts the amazing way flies are changing the way we clean up bloody, disgusti... Happy Mother's Day! Today, Laci pays tribute to the top moms in the animal kingdom.Read More:The Hardest-Working Mom On The Planethttp://www.npr.org/blogs/krulwich/2011/06/02/136860918/th...... Robots are awesome, but beware: they're after your jobs! Trace looks at the work robots are doing today, that once required a human touch.Read More:The World Is Automating Itself Out of Jobsh... Stage fright: clammy hands, a racing heart, and anxiety about presenting before an audience. Most of us have experienced it at one point or another. But what are we feeling, exactly? Laci takes a ... It's common for parents to give their children a taste of their drinks, presumably to foster a healthy understanding of alcohol. But now researchers say that can lead kids down a very dangerous pat... There are words we speak today that cavemen would have understood. Anthony tells us which words these are and why they're so significant.Read More:Linguists Identify 15,000-Year-Old "Ultracons... Antibacterial equals safe, right? Think again. New research suggests that a particular ingredient common in antibacterial products is actually quite dangerous. Trace has all the details on Triclosa... Parents who suck on their children's pacifiers before giving them to their babies might be doing their kids a huge favor. Anthony has why that simple, somewhat gross act might help their kids lead ... With Iron Man 3 rockin' the box office, Trace decided it was time to look the ways we can outfit ourselves like Tony Stark. Check out his list of the coolest exoskeleton projects out there!Read ... There's a lot of conflicting research out there about brain training games. It seems like they're helpful, but are they actually working to improve our intelligence? Anthony wades through the resea... Defense Distributed has made good on their promise to produce and fire the world's first fully 3D-printed gun. Anthony looks at the impact this might have on our lives.Read More:Meet The "Libe... You just got a haircut and now it feels like you need another one! Why is this, and is it true that your hair grows faster during the summer? To get to the root, Trace delves into the science behin... We'll do anything to conquer aging, and now scientists believe they've found the root cause of it in the brain! Anthony reports on this discovery, and what it could mean for our quest for eternal y... Summer is nearly here-- and that means more time in the sun! We've been warned about the dangers of sun exposure before. But Laci wonders, is getting that bronzed bikini bod ever actually good for ... Shark babies are cannibals. Just one more reason sharks are cool & terrifying. Trace tells us what drives some sharks to eat up their brothers and sisters, plus a list of other cannibals in the ani... We've seen it on TV for years, but only now is hoarding being recognized as a real disorder. Anthony looks at what this could mean for the estimated 15 million (!) hoarders across the United States... After years of showing promise, stem cell research is finally paying off. A trachea, grown from the cells in a lab has saved a young girl's life. Anthony tells the story and shows what these scient... There is lots of debate about the so called "Morning After Pill" being released to teens without a prescription. Laci Green takes a look at the debate and breaks down the issues as only Laci can.... Forget fossil fuel, this plane is driven by energy from the sun! Anthony woke up at the crack of dawn to watch the amazing Solar Impulse take to the sky.Watch Solar Impulse Across America http:... Can evolution occur without a competition between animals, fighting to survive? After all, that was one of the key elements to Darwin's Theory of Evolution. But as Trace tells us, modern scientists... Everything seems to be glowing these days! First glowing plants, now... sheep! Anthony reports on the fluorescent protein that's turning animals bioluminescent, and the implications it has for scie... Some advertisements are great, and others... well they can be downright annoying! Laci looks at the shocking prevalence of advertising in our daily lives and how obnoxious ads can actually be a boo... We've all had difficulty remembering things. Trace looks at three things you'd never guess may actually help improve your memory.Read More:"Clench Your Fist to Get a Grip on Memory"http://news... Can you really put every person on the planet into neat little categories? That's exactly what personality tests try and do and as Laci tells us, the results of those tests are having wide-ranging ... For optimal sexiness, scientists say keep that 5'oclock shadow going! Anthony talks to Cristen Conger, host of "Stuff Mom Never Told You" to find out why beards are back and driving women crazy!... Feeling like you're missing out on something, like everyone else is doing something cooler than you, is a very real thing. It's called FOMO, and now there's a test to measure just how bad you may h... Anthony is joined by Tech Feed News' Annie Gaus for this week's rundown of some of the coolest videos on the net. On this week's playlist: Houdini octopus, a man with wings, and a huge meteor explo... Sociopaths aren't just movie characters and mass murders. Turns out 1 in 25 people suffer from this disorder! Laci looks at what exactly it means to be a sociopath, and whether or not you have anyt... Why can't we recall being born? It was kind of a big day, so you'd think we'd remember. Anthony looks at how the inner workings of a baby's brain differs from that of a full grown adult.Read Mor... We have landmarks and preserves here on Earth, but who's watching out for important places and things in outer space? Trace takes a look.Read More:Space Archaeologists Call for Preserving Off-... Food is one of the great pleasures in life. But why do we love it so much? Laci looks at what happens inside our bodies when we bite down on our favorite foods.Read More:What Makes Eating So S... 30 years ago, The Terminator was science fiction. Today, many fear it's far too close to becoming reality. Anthony tells us about the effort underway to stop the development of KILLER ROBOTS!Rea... If you thought glowing plants were science fiction from Pandora... you're wrong! Scientists in San Francisco have created plants that glow brightly enough to light your home! Anthony chats with the... Einstein's theory of relativity is put to the test with the recent discovery of a massive neutron star. Laci shows how this new discovery makes Einstein all the cooler.Read More:"How Albert Eins... Our brains are expert problem solvers, and now scientists are trying to use the brain's skills to revolutionize the antiquated US power grid. Anthony show us how a power system run by a human brain... Sex can be weird. It can be even weirder if you're a whiptail lizard. And for praying mantises, it can be downright dangerous! Laci Green lists some of the strangest mating rituals in the animal ki... Trace joins President Obama in Washington DC for the 3rd Annual White House Science Fair. Watch as young inventors show off everything from portable windmills to underwater robots!Read More:"Y... Join your hosts of DNews in another LIVE Google+ Hangout! +Anthony Carboni, +Laci Green, and +Trace Dominguez, the hosts who bring you breaking news in science and current events every day, are gat... There's a whole lot more to left handedness than you possibly realized. In this DNews video, Anthony recounts some of the craziest facts about lefties!Read More:Left-Handedness Stumps Scienceht... If you think you can rid your body of bacteria with a quick squirt of hand sanitizer, you'd be oh so wrong. Turns out we have an incredible array of microorganisms living on us AND inside us. But a... Extinction doesn't happen overnight. In this DNews video, Anthony reveals new research that sheds light on how our actions today affect extinction rates a hundred years out, and what we can do abou... There are a lot of myths surrounding male infertility and what actually increases a man's sperm count. Trace reports on why one study claims a kilt may just do the trick!Read More:"'Real men we... Anthony visits the Marine Mammal Center in Sausalito, California. He talks to marine biologists working to save dozens of baby sea lions who were found stranded on the shores of Southern California... Each religion in the world has its own interpretation of God. Some believe God to be an all loving God, while others--a vengeful deity. But as Laci tells us, this thinking can have some far reachin... The debate over whether we can patent genes has come to a head with the US Supreme Court weighing in on two human genes linked to cancer. Laci has all the details on what you need to know about thi... Ever heard a song for the first time and fallen in love? As Trace tells us, there's a biological reason for why new music feels so good.Read More:"Study shows different brains have similar res... NASA's Kepler telescope was launched to find other planets just like earth-- and now, scientists think they may have found not just one, but three! Trace shows us where they are in the solar system... Renowned scientist Stephen Hawking says we have 1000 years left on Earth before all the planet's resources will be used up. Laci looks at the problems we'll face and Hawking's solution to saving hu... With a suspect under arrest for the poisoned letters sent to Obama, Anthony asks, what is ricin and what makes it so deadly?Read More:"Mississippi entertainer charged in ricin scare"http://ww... RSVP and submit your questions here: http://goo.gl/0Mr8XOn Tuesday, April 23rd at 4pm PST, join your hosts of DNews in another LIVE Google+ Hangout! Laci Green, Anthony Carboni, and Trace Domingu... Copper may be a solution to the growing, deadly problem of hospital acquired infections. When used on commonly touched surfaces, the metal can kill some of the most infectious bacteria without scru... An Iranian government scientist claims to have invented a real, working time machine--the latest in a list of wild inventions from the country with no basis in reality. But that got Anthony thinkin... The bombings at the Boston Marathon brought home the challenge law enforcement faces battling smaller and smaller explosives. Trace looks at the detection methods used today, and how new technology... Could you imagine a life eating only ramen noodles and nothing more? For one English girl, that's been her world since the age of five. Laci looks at the impact on the body, and what it takes to cu... Do your eyelids really hold your eyeballs in when you sneeze? No, believe it or not, your eyeballs won't shoot out of place due to a simple sneeze. Anthony looks at the real reason behind your eyel... The speed of space travel is about to make a huge leap forward--cutting a trip to Mars from an agonizing eight months to as little as 30 days! This is all thanks to a revolutionary nuclear fusion e... The hangover after a big night out can be brutal. But fortunately, some work is being done to find a cure for this terrible ailment. In this DNews video, Anthony takes a look.Read More:"We need... Whoever said you'll feel better once you apologize had it all wrong! Anthony looks at how keeping your mouth shut after doing bad can be a boon to your well-being.Read More:"Why Apologize?"ht... Is eight hours of sleep enough for you, maybe too much, or maybe too little? Trace looks at the myth of a full night's sleep, and what a person really needs to feel rested.Read More:"The myth o... See inside the brain like never before! Stanford University scientists have figured out a way to turn a mouse brain transparent, giving us a whole new view of the least understood organ in the huma... Crying in space and the most human-like robot ever! Watch as Laci and Anthony show their favorite videos from around the web in this week's video roundup.Watch More:"Can You Cry in Space?"htt... It might sound like a late night infomercial, but scientists have created a device that heals wounds using electricity! Trace shows us what happens on the cellular level when we use electricity to ... Just when you thought lightning thunderstorms couldn't get crazier, we now have invisible radioactive lightning! Anthony has all the details on this so-called "Dark Lightning," and the potentially ... Those laser pointers you can buy at the store actually pack some pretty powerful technology, and a recent study shows most manufacturers are actually jacking up their pointers' power output to ille... Ever heard a recording of yourself and hated the way you sound? It's a common thing, and has to do with sound vibration...or the lack thereof. Trace describes what we actually sound like when we sp... Scientists have developed a way to read dreams. Scientists at UC Berkeley have created device that can actually create images formed in the brain while you're asleep! Watch as Anthony shows us the ... You've heard of the placebo effect, but the nocebo effect is just as powerful. Scientists have linked it to the controversial "WiFi Sickness," and others. Laci breaks down the Nocebo Effect, and ho... Are we a generation of narcissists? New research suggests we are, and these egoistic tendencies are only increasing. But what's causing this uptick in "me me me" thinking? In this DNews video, Lac... Dark matter makes up an estimated 80 percent matter in the universe. And amazingly, we've never seen it! Until now. Sensors on the International Space Station have picked up its signature. In this ... We expect our drinking water to be germ free, but what about drug free? You probably haven't given it much thought...but new research is showing our water is teeming with all kinds of drugs! Trace ... The Navy has commissioned a GIANT ROBOT JELLYFISH! It's real. It works. But that's not all. Anthony shows us thisine in action plus explains how it may soon help patrol our oceans.R... Will $100K from Bill Gates help to create a super condom for the future? That's the hope. But where could the condom possibly go from here? Laci looks at some of the wild ideas scientists are devel... The Fukushima disaster reignited the nuclear power debate, but it turns out, even with its faults, nuclear power is saving lives! That's according to new NASA study about the effects of pollution o... Computer generated characters are more realistic than ever, but Activision is pushing boundaries further than you'll believe. But when is realistic too realistic? Will this leap into the so-called ... It's the question on all our minds: WHEN IS JURASSIC PARK HAPPENING?! With all this talk of cloning extinct species and the upcoming twentieth anniversary of Jurassic Park the movie, Anthony takes ... Our memories are who we are--they make up our personalities and our history. But can they be trusted? Laci looks at how our own memory works and how it's failing us every day of our lives.Read Mo... Turns out, sea lions love to rock out to their favorite music! Scientists at UC Santa Cruz have discovered sea lions are the only other mammals besides humans that can keep a beat. Trace has the mu... Lightning is one of mother nature's most spectacular phenomena. But add lightning to a volcanic eruption and the event seems otherworldly! In this DNews video, Trace has all the details on the atmo... So how did the DNews team do after six days of Soylent? How many of them were able to make it without solid food? And the answer to one of the most asked questions: Did they poop?! Watch and find o... Scientists agree climate change is one of the most serious issues facing humanity, but still, debate over the issue continues to rage on. Educators meanwhile are about to introduce formal federal g... Happy April Fools day everyone! In honor of this most important holiday, Laci Green takes a look back at some of science's most infamous hoaxes.Read More:Piltdown Man:"Piltdown Man is reveale... A frog that breaks its own bones to create deadly stabbing weapons! Trace shows you this wicked amphibian and other animals with crazy defense mechanisms.Read More:"Sea Slug Squirts Venomous Bo... Kids are rotting their minds by spending hours upon hours in front of screens. That's what parents say anyway. But what impact does all this screen time really have? Trace spent hours researching- ... "Breeding like rabbits" is more than an expression- these guys really do get busy! So with Easter upon us, Trace takes a look at just how efficient a breeding machine the Easter Bunny really is.R... Drones are good for more than hunting down terrorists. Groups around the world are adapting the technology to save our planet. Trace explains how in this DNews video.Read More:"New Technology t... Doctor Who is coming back for a new season and he's bringing along awesome technology straight from the future! But some of these gadgets are actually being used in the real world today. Anthony sh... What is normal? And for the matter, what is abnormal? Psychologists have been trying to categorize human behavior for nearly two centuries. Anthony takes a look at what it takes to be diagnosed wit... Eating in space isn't all about Space Ice Cream. Astronauts also enjoy such delicacies as beef stroganoff and re-hydrated spinach. But getting all this food ready to be eaten in a gravity-free envi... Sometimes nature produces some crazy anomalies: animals with two heads, one eye, or extra legs! Laci takes a look at some cool examples of evolution gone awry.Read More:"Fisherman finds a bull ... Think what you will about rap music, but it does some amazing things to the mind. Anthony is joined by freestyle rap maverick Jelly D to demonstrate how even rap can be full of science.MC Jelly D... Has Voyager 1 left the solar system or not? Scientists seem to have a new answer every other day. And for that matter, where will the historic space probe go once it exists our solar system? Trace ... Rare earth elements are crucial to the technology around us - they're in phones, computers, tvs, and hybrid cars. Why are they so important? Any why are they so difficult to mine? Anthony takes a ... Sometimes thinking you're taking a medication, when in fact you're not, can actually help you feel better. It's called the "placebo effect," and it's being used more and more as a treatment option.... Trace joins Anthony and Laci for a special talkback episode of DNews to answer your questions and comments about 4d printing, conspiracy theories, vegetarianism and more! Thank you fans and keep 'e... We're replacing food with Soylent for a week! And we're posting daily video diaries about our experiences at http://Facebook.com/DNews Day One: http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=23499238997936... Even brainless microbes commit suicide. So does this mean they actually have higher thought function than we realized? Laci finds out.Read More:"Why Do Even Microbes Commit Suicide?"http://ne... One of the most advanced genomics institutes in the world is working hard to create a new generation of super-smart kids. So how smart are we talking, and what might this mean for future generation... Gay adoption is a sensitive topic for some, but now science is having its say: it's A-Okay! In this DNews video, Laci Green talks about the newest research that outlines why gay couples adopting is... Superhero powers aren't just for comic book characters. Thanks to new tech, they're for everyone! Wanna go for a quick flight? Done. What about super human strength? Check. Anthony, Laci, and Trace... Real guns, printed at home, and it's totally legal. In this DNews video, Anthony looks at this new twist in the debate over guns.Read More:"Would a 3D-printed gun really be legal?"http://www.... Blood Facial. Yup, apparently it's a thing. In this DNews video, Trace looks at whether there's any actual science behind Kim Kardashian's bloody attempt to stay wrinkle freeRead More: "FYI: W... Join your hosts of DNews in a LIVE Google+ Hangout Q&A! Laci Green, Anthony Carboni, and Trace Dominguez answer your most burning questions - here's your chance to get to know the hosts who bring y... Turns out evolution isn't always slow. Scientists in Nebraska have discovered a bird evolving right before our eyes.Read More:"Evolution via Roadkill"http://news.sciencemag.org/sciencenow/201... An extinct frog that hatches its young inside its stomach might be making a comeback thanks to science! In this DNews video, Anthony shows us this amazing little amphibian and how scientists are b... That echo you get talking on a cell phone does more than drive you nuts. It can actually stop your brain from forming words. In this DNews video, Anthony tells us what happens inside your head to ... It's the first day of spring, which means longer days, warmer weather, and the advent of flowers blooming. In this DNews video, Trace has the lowdown on what signals the changing of the seasons, pl... Classroom sketchers and scribblers rejoice: doodling can improve your recall! In this DNews video, Laci looks at a new study that gives hope to everyday artistes.Read More:"What Does Doodling ... Plants can not only hear you, they can feel you, smell you, and remember things! In this DNews video, Trace shows us how plants know what they know.Read More:"Sound Garden: Can Plants Actually ... Cloning something used to only work a few times before terrible problems occurred. At last, Japanese scientists have found a way around this! In this DNews video, Anthony has the crazy details abo... Savants can have severe mental disabilities, and yet are brilliant in certain areas like math, art, music, and memory. But now as Trace tells us, scientists are looking into what can be done to unl... An experimental new gel stops blood pouring out of any wound in seconds and speeds healing. What is this stuff and how does it work?Read More: "Gel Stops Bleeding, Starts Healing Instantly"http... How does bee venom kill HIV? Trace has the answer, and some surprising facts about bees' other superpowers.Read More:"Nanoparticles loaded with bee venom kill HIV"http://news.wustl.edu/news/P... Does alcohol help make your date appear more attractive? It certainly seems to help for some! Laci takes a look at the phenomenon of "beer goggles" and whether there's any truth to it all.Read M... Scientists now confirm that last July's discovery is indeed the Higgs boson. In this DNews video, Trace finds out why this is -- and isn't -- the greatest thing ever.DNews is a show about the sc... New York's proposed soda ban didn't happen. But would it have been as bad or good as we think? What's the deal with soda, anyway?Read More:"New York City's appeal of soda ban ruling to be heard... Alien fossils found in a meteorite?! Sounds amazing, but the science isn't there. And that's not the only example of hyped stories turning out to be, well, nothing. Trace gives you tips on how to t... The Catholic Church has a conflicted history with the scientific world. But with the election of Pope Francis I, can we expect that to change? Laci Green shows us how far the Church has come, and h... March 14th is Pi Day, a worldwide tribute to the mathematical constant. To celebrate this geeky holiday, Anthony heads down to San Francisco's Mission Pie bakery to eat pie and talk pi with Destruc... Could life have existed on Mars even before it flourished on Earth? That's the word from NASA after the rover Curiosity sent back some very intriguing findings. Anthony explains what exactly the ro... Why are we so taken with Zombies? They're everywhere these days! Anthony takes a look at the more salient theories out there.Read More:"UC Davis Study: Zombie Fads Tied To Feelings Of Disempowe... Every time you like something on Facebook, you are sending data about yourself out into the internet world. Now, researchers and advertisers alike are using this data to predict more specific thing... How long have humans been walking the planet? Turns out, the answer is in our genes! Trace explains.Read More:"African American Man's DNA Dates Back 338,000 Years"http://news.discovery.com/hu... If you love grapefruit and are on certain medications, think twice! Anthony shows us how it could kill you.Read More: "Grapefruit Juice and Medicine May Not Mix"http://www.fda.gov/downloads/F... Ever woken up, but couldn't move a muscle? You're not alone. It's called Sleep Paralysis and it can be really scary. Laci takes a look at what happens when this disconnect occurs between your brain... Fans of the paleo-diet are very dedicated ones. They report not only looking better, but also feeling better. Trace looks at whether this is just a passing fad, or if it deserves a closer look.Re... Silence is golden, but can also drive you crazy! Chances are you've never experienced absolute quiet, but those who have report hallucinations and feelings of insanity. Laci Green tells us why and ... Daylight savings is back! But why do we do it exactly? We've all heard different explanations, so Anthony hit the books in search of a definitive reason why we change our clocks.Read More:"Dayl... The ocean is a strange and scary place. And few ocean animals are scarier than sharks! Laci introduces us to the strangest and scariest sharks from the past and present.Read More: "Shark Relati... Radiation in space is dangerous. But science has the solution to protect astronauts. A poop shield. Anthony breaks down how this gross, yet effective device would work.Read More: "Dennis Tito's ... ADHD is not just a problem for kids. More than 30 percent of children diagnosed carry it into adulthood, sometimes with pretty severe consequences. Trace explores this hotly debated topic.Read Mo... RSVP & submit your questions now! http://goo.gl/aclV3Laci Green, Anthony Carboni & Trace Dominguez will be answering your most burning questions, so here's your chance to get to know the hosts wh... How were the Vikings such remarkable mariners? Scientists have found their answer buried deep in a 16th century shipwreck.Read More:"Not just the stuff of legend: Famed Viking 'sunstone' did ex... And you thought it stopped at solar panels? Trace Dominguez has the lowdown on some strange new ways to harness the sun's rays.Read More:"Three floating solar islands to launch on Swiss lake th... Are viruses life forms or not? Scientists have been fighting about it for years, and Anthony has more on the latest wrinklje in this seemingly simple yet age-old debate.Read More:"New Study Show... Controlling machines with your mind just got easier thanks to wireless brain-computer interfaces. Trace takes a look at the near future of cybernetics.Special Thanks to the UPMC Rehabilitation In... First came Beatlemania, today it's Bieber Fever. Laci Green explores what it is about young pop stars that sends teenage girls' hearts aflutter.Read More:"Inside the Brains of Bieber Fans"htt... Bacteria living on our skin can cause zits -- gross. But Laci Green's got news from a study that shows not all acne bacteria are evil! Some might even be helping us out.Read More: "Why Some Peo... Doctors think they've cured a baby of HIV for the first time ever! Anthony walks us through the details of this incredible potential breakthrough.Read More:"In a First, Baby 'Cured' of HIV"htt... Drone pilots do their work from a remote location, but that doesn't keep them out of harm's way. New research shows they suffer from many of the same kinds of stress disorders as those in combat. A... Our bodies are a battleground--constantly fighting off infection and disease. But what happens when our bodies fight off something that's helpful, like an artificial knee? It's not good. Now scient... Sinkholes are eating up buildings! You've seen 'em on the news, maybe even in your own neighborhoods... but what exactly causes them in the first place? Trace takes a look.Read More: "Sinkhole S... Good music makes us feel good. No surprise there. Now scientists have uncovered what's going on inside our brains when we are jammin' to our favorite tunes. Anthony explains.Read More:"Phys Ed:... They're shiny, oh so expensive, and as it turns out, not all that uncommon. Laci Green looks at why our love affair with diamonds has lasted the test of time.Read More:"Romance Killer" http:/... A Real jetpack you can fly in! Male Bowerbirds know how to attract the ladies! And finally, a machine to separate the cream from the cookie in Oreos. Thank God. Check out our top 3 videos of the we... Ever felt nauseous or dizzy during a 3D movie? You're not alone. Anthony explains why 3D tends to make most people sick.Read More:"Are There Side Effects to Watching 3D Movies? A Prospective Cr... Rats can read the thoughts of other rats! A landmark study has shown that through a brain to brain interface, rats are able to to connect and communicate with one another. Trace has all the excitin... Forget 3D, 4D is the future! The kinks are still being worked out, but this new technology could transform life here on Earth, and even outer space. Anthony tells us how.Read More:"Next, 4-D Pri... Sleep deprivation can really mess you up in lots of ways. Now a new study published by the National Academy of Sciences suggests that the effects may run even deeper than you thought.Read More:... Supercapacitors: They'll enable you to charge your cell phone in 5 seconds, or an electric car in about a minute. They're cheap, biodegradable, never wear out and as Trace'll tell you, could be pow... Conspiracy theories are characterized by unfalsifiable explanations for confusing or stressful events. Who is most likely to believe them? And why do our brains gravitate toward these theories?... The Blood Type Diet (AKA Eat Right 4 Your Type) claims there are certain foods and lifestyles better suited for different blood types. Is there any merit to this? And why do we have different typ... Lake Tahoe is being overtaken by Giant Goldfish! Some of these suckers are several pounds. But not all goldfish can grow this big. Scientists say something in the lake is helping these behemoths r... "I'm not like the others; I'm awesome." We all think it. But is it true? Trace lets us know whether we're kidding ourselves, and why that might be a good thing.Read More: "Narcissistic, broke, a... Are pubes as terrible as we think they are? In this episode of DNews, Laci Green outlines the evolutionary and medical benefits of going au naturel.DNews is a show about the science of everyday l... A new study shows dolphins are even smarter than we thought! Scientists discovered dolphins actually give names to each other. And if you thought that was cool, you won't believe how far away they ... The Brain Activity Map project will cost about $3 billion. But we might benefit twenty times more! Anthony shows us where the future of brain science is headed."Obama Seeking to Boost Study of Hu... First Bionic Arms- Now Bionic Eyes! Last week the FDA gave approval to the Argus II, a bionic eye that could potentially cure blindness in 15,000 people in the US. The Alpha IMS, a new implant in e... What's easier to explore: outer space or the ocean? Laci's got the surprising answer -- and more -- right here!DNews is a show about the science of everyday life. We post two new videos every da... Google Glass and other augmented reality projects are about to break onto the scene. But what does an augmented reality look like and how can it enhance our lives? Anthony has a sneak peak into the... Anthony sits down with Bernie Peyton, a wildlife biologist and talented origamist, to discuss how his research and art fit together. Plus: origami spectacled bear hats!Make your own bear hat! htt... Exploding meteors! Near-miss asteroids! Aahhh!! Can we get some warning next time? What do we do if not? Trace finds out who's watching the skies.Read More:"Russia Meteor Not Linked to Asteroi... Is the way you see color the same way everyone else does? And for that matter, what about those who are color blind? Anthony throws on his rose-colored glasses and takes a look.Read More:"Hues ... Can you handle a second or third girlfriend or boyfriend? Turns out more and more people can, and we don't mean "on the side." Polyamory is quickly becoming this generation's sexual revolution. La... If you drink and have relationship issues, don't blame the booze. The booze can actually help you! Trace tells you how.Read More:"Heavy drinking, 'incompatible' drinking tied to divorce, study ... Internet Trolls- We've all seen 'em throwing around insults and taking over message boards. But what drives these people? Trace goes troll hunting and finds out.Read More:"The Science of Why Co... Do online dating sites really work? Turns out they're each driven by a complicated set of computer algorithms with the goal of matching its users with their one true love. Laci lakes a look, and sh... It's raining SPIDERS! Seriously! That and two other super weird animal behaviors in this week's Video Roundup!DNews is a show about the science of everyday life. We post two new videos every day... The devastating meteor crash in Russia made us wonder, how many other big strikes has the planet taken? Trace found out and counts down the top four biggest asteroid strikes to ever hit Earth! DN... Scientists from around the world have been all over the Russian meteor that exploded over the Ural Mountains. We now know the size of the massive space rock...and just wait till you hear how fast i... The meteor that hit Russia was fairly big, but the larger asteroids that fly by are filled with precious metals that some hope to actually mine and bring back to earth! As crazy as it sounds, scien... Does a HUGE asteroid passing nearby mean the end of humanity? Not quite, but wait till you hear just how close a call it is.DNews is a show about the science of everyday life. We post two new vi... Those butterflies and fireworks you feel when falling love are actually just brain chemicals flooding your system. Laci breaks down what's happening behind the science of a new relationship.Read ... President Obama made scientific advancement a key part of his State of the Union speech. Trace had his eyes glued to the television and gives us the science-centric highlights.DNews is a show abo... You'd think with 14 videos a week, we'd just about run out of stuff to talk about. NOT SO, DEAR FRIENDS. Anthony took a camera around the office to talk about some stories we wish we'd had time to ... Valentine's Day can put a lot of pressure on relationships. But, as Anthony reports, some good can still come out of this Hallmark holiday.Learn More:'"If you're single and out on 14 February, ... Astronomers need your help naming the two recently discovered moons around Pluto. But there are rules to this interstellar name game. Trace has the details.Vote To Name Pluto's Moons Here:http:/... No ETs for SETI. Yet. But was their search doomed from the very beginning? A research team that includes famed alien hunter Jill Tarter  the model for astronomer Ellie Arroway in Carl Sagan's fam... Zeppelins (Blimps) were first flown commercially in 1910 by Deutsche Luftschiffahrts-AG (DELAG), the world's first airline in revenue service. Blimps are back! And they can do a lot more than adve... NASA is warning that we are due for a once in a century Solar Superstorm, which could leave us here on Earth in virtual darkness. UK engineers have carried out a detailed assessment of the risks f... Predicting the future is science fiction no more! Could it be that an Israeli university, along with one of the world's biggest multinational corporations, has succeeded where the likes of Nostrad... An island full of slithering, deadly snakes. It's not the setting to some B-Movie, but a real place! And that's not the only island out there overrun with a particular species. Just wait 'till you ... Men are from Mars, Women are from Venus....or are they? Couldn't we all just be from Earth? Finally science has produce evidence that supports what we already knew -- the whole "men are from Mars,... The mind of a violent person is a dark place...literally. For the first time, researchers have spotted a physical distinction in the brain of a violent criminal. And as Anthony tells us, the implic... A handicapped pig cruising in a K'Nex Wheelchair! A moth driving a small robot! And the rescue of an adorable bottlenose dolphin! Check out our top 3 animal videos of the week!See More:Watch He... Face Tattoos. Would you get one? Chances are most of you said 'no', but people are getting them and they're getting more popular. So what drives people to mark their faces in such permanent ways? ... With two months in and all three of our hosts here, we're responding to your comments! Thank you fans and keep 'em coming!They Might Be Giants: Why Does the Sun Shine?http://www.youtube.com/watc... Feel bad for Lab Rats? Well don't feel bad for them any more! Turns out Zebrafish are even better 'lab rats' than the lab rats and are being used more and more frequently. Trace has what makes thes... Anthony Carboni and Adam Sessler sit down and talk about Richard the III- The man, his recently found remains, and why the find is significant to thespians everywhere!Read More: http://www2.le.a... Why is smelly Sperm Whale vomit worth tens of thousands of dollars? Trust us when we say its an important ingredient in the very last product you'd think of.DNews is a show about the science of e... If, after a few drinks, you finally decided to hit the bathroom--are you actually 'breaking the seal'? Thereby triggering a need to pee for the rest of your bar-hopping night? Anthony breaks down t... Rihanna is back with Chris Brown. Why abuse victims return to their abusers is a controversial and complicated topic. And as Laci Green explains, the roots of this behavior run deeper than you thi... If the blackout during the Big Game taught us one thing, it's to appreciate electricity. But what goes into delivering our power? And how does it get from power plants to our homes and offices? As ... Relocating to Mars is expensive business! From transportation to food to communication with the outside world for sheer sanity--Anthony breaks down all the variables to make a successful move.Rea... Lightning could have triggered your last headache! As crazy as it sounds, its true, according to new research. But how does it work and what can you do to prevent them? Laci's breaks it all down.... There's a reason you're attracted to certain scents and it has to do with your own natural smell. Pheromone parties are predicated on this very logic, designed to help you smell out a mate. Join A... The smog in China is now so bad that one millionaire is manufacturing cans of air to help people breathe! No joke. It's so bad that on the Air Quality Index Beijing measured 775, when the entire i... Robots are taking to the skies! We're not talking military drones. We mean the kind of sweet robots you dreamt of as a kid. Anthony gives us a sneak peak.DNews is a show about the science of ever... Was Iran's monkey in space mission totally fake? New reports suggest that it might be, but there's still a long history of sending all kinds of animals to space. Why do we do it? What does it teach... Hedgehogs, caterpillars and candles - the wacky facts behind this weird American tradition. Sure, it's a great movie, but it is much, much more. On February 2nd of each year, if a particular gro... The Super Bowl is here and it's time to party, people! We've got 5 crazy stats on the things that make watching football this Sunday so much fun! Bring on the chicken wings!Watch Morehttp://www.... Deer Antler Spray is the new blood doping! That's right. Deer. Antler. Spray. Ray Lewis of the Baltimore Ravens is being accused of using the stuff just days before the big game. But what is it exa... Batteries built for space on a Boeing 787 Dreamliner? It could happen! With the safety issues plaguing the 787 Dreamliner, Elon Musk of SpaceX and Tesla Motors has offered Boeing its battery techno... Evolution vs. Creationism: Five new bills are being proposed in four states aimed at allowing the teaching of creationism in schools. And if you, like us, thought the issue had been put to bed with... Poop ball making Dung Beetles actually use the Milky Way for navigation. So why does an animal who runs around hunting for poop need to navigate so accurately? Trace has the answers.Photo credit:... If a robot begged for mercy, could you still "kill" it? In a modern-day interpretation of the of the famous Milgram Experiments, scientists from the University of Canterbury see how close people wi... Sea monsters are real! Laci dives to the ocean's deepest depths and uncovers the coolest (and terrifying) creatures in the sea!Photo:  Christy Bowe/CorbisRead More: http://www.slate.com/arti... The internet is in a fury over Beyonce's alleged lip syncing at Obama's inauguration. If she did lip sync, it feels like a huge betrayal...a huge lie. Why is this? Afterall, the public has been oka... One of the easiest and most effective forms of birth control out there is something you've probably never heard of. A quick shot to a man's you-know-what safely destroys sperm before they have a ch... The King of the Lens Flare (aka JJ Abrams) is set to direct Star Wars Episode VII. But what are lens flares exactly and how are they made? And how do filmmakers like Abrams use them to their advant... Seems like Obama has a lot more gray in his hair since his first inauguration. Is it from the stress of being President? What actually causes us to go gray? Laci Green explores the different factor... The NIH is retiring 400 chimps from their research laboratories! Trace ponders what our genetic cousins will do in retirement, and looks at what's in store for the 50 research chimps that will rem... Using DNA as a hard drive? Its not as crazy as it sounds! Scientists at the European Bioinformatics Institute over in the UK, have actually done it and the results have been impressive. Will this e... Housecats are destroying New Zealand's natural habitat! They are an invasive species and a threat to indigenous wildlife! At least that's what Gareth Morgan says, the man behind a radical cat erad... If death was imminent, would you consider cryogenically freezing yourself, with the hopes that one day future technology would bring you back to life? Battling with brain cancer, thats what 22 year... Puppies so cute that you want to squeeze 'em, eat them even! Turns out, we do have a physical reaction to cuteness--literally, we want to care for it, and if we can't care for it, we want to do som... Manti Te'o's dead girlfriend was a hoax. She was made up, which is more common than you think. Laci Green looks at the trend of making up fake people, and its psychological roots.Read More:http... Bed Bugs... they're not going away! And in some places, the bed bugs are biting harder than ever! Trace goes through the list of the cities affected the worst by these tiny, seemingly invincible pe... On Martin Luther King Jr.'s birthday, Laci Green reflects on racial injustice in the United States.DNews is a show about the science of everyday life. We post two new videos every day of the wee... Much of what we eat isn't what we think it is. Lax laws on food labeling allow many substitute, "mock" foods to be served instead. Anthony looks at what's actually in our food and how it's easy to ... Our lives are filled with lying buttons! We're talking those pesky crosswalk buttons, close door elevator buttons and more! Why are they around, and why do we always hit them expecting magic? Antho... Flushing unwanted fish is more than cruel, its also ruining delicate ecosystems! Trace shows us where this is happening and the unintended impact it's having on our already stressed seas.DNews is... Stopping and taking a break actually increases your efficiency in the long run. As Anthony explains, focusing on one thing for too long actually slows us down... we need to mix it up!DNews is a s... Electric cars aren't the only green way to get around. There have been electric planes and now there's plans for an electric ferry! Trace counts down the three coolest all-electric transporters.D... Subscribe for more! http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=dnewsThe closer the Doomsday Clock is to midnight the closer we are to global armageddon. The clock is at 11:55pm... so now... The Blue Brain Project is working to build a human brain- inside a supercomputer. By simulating the neurons of a human brain, they can do all kinds of things that could have a huge impact on how w... Lance Armstrong confesses to doping. But what methods did he use and why weren't doctors ever able to detect it? Anthony Carboni breaks down the sophisticated techniques Lance and his team used and... Scientists on the cutting edge vs pessimistic web trolls! All across the Internet, scientists are forced to continually defend their work against a group of people discounting their research. What'..
